Supported on notebandi or not now answer ways
For us, there is a taqlif inside to chitificate the way, that one can be found in any state without any hindrance and from the inside with proof.
Arkhshan should not be for any path its educhation and knowledgeable feet effect pasta h
If you have been successful in telling lies, without telling any twochument, it is beneficial in the notebandi to forget those who killed them.
Tale two hands peace is dharma kya carbon front clap bajna hi na ho profession
Muslims just love the country so there is still no shortage of breakers or terrorists no v hojata ink no mazhi
Harti Ratna Shurum VIsveswaraiya Ji Ko T Shatak San:Appy Engineer S Jay
Goshta and Demonetization will develop in equilibrium
Don't do too much after mourning the death of the person who is Karthik on the death of Mahilavadi etc. No form will remain.
I am speaking on the wheeler level, for whom what work has affected
Adi has taken away his notes and attacks on him, Naxalite, and Barli leader, and black money will come.
What will happen from the East first, then the soul kills the places to the places, the corner is the pass, after the road from the road to the charayam, Benefit's Parkway
Tripletlq is like this how obanda thinks abhi 2 churches henna
Yah e Amar Against Violenche you guys watch Hari to Raman Ram
Where did the devotees of Notebandi sang Abu?
Nothing like this happened, Akhilesh is telling the living people after Vastu, Archer is good for Anna.
YJ AnayaBAloch Shurgichal Women's Shoes Dr.
Notebandi out ght khe b-da bhi people) etc. So now just for the data, give the last larva
Justiche4amrapaliBuyers temple house) Heart does not lose our home) No, no one is facing our grandmother
Hai striyan to ni chal rahi
Sacrifice everything, do you see the upper way and the lower way?
Disha Harati's most of the temple's direction foreigners are ISRO Peru's temple work' Karthik
inch) so I didn't even know that there was a nomination
Lit you see the most chorrupt pum ho is notebandi on the 8th is found near the people next to you on the 7th
you start! Hindu upper way people Arya are foreigners so whatever happened to upper people is left
The one who loses his hand to the city, he himself will die.
I, whose leader is supported, it is note-taking, he brings money to stop theft and I am his support talk
Big people jam these people these morning people are people suffering from barli and people taking from development
Rather Muslims are scattered all over the world but induvon waali vardveyvadtha nahi brahmin khashatriya vaishya mudra tradition of Amir and Ghalib
Hey, it has been given so much that no one can even know that how much is the burden of suffering, everyone is different.
What do you think will happen to the country in this dialogue?
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
26 aari bhai surgichal women kari thi pappu himself p4 address
Is santa caro ibrahim muslim
If the words are taken after the words, then it seems slow to be implemented in the same way, like the notebandi problem happened to everyone but now everything is in its form.
Heads they remain open so those who speak the path must be surgichal women
Objection that believe that if you look from Andhra, the benefit of notebandi will be seen or else it will not be seen.
Gch is quin thi quin and will remain in front of you, put it out of your mind that if you will spend on a lot, then you can do something for fetish yoga.
ShaBkhO six six-brick truck with triple tala PAR Ushalan GarzOshhii nhi dimd rana l aB Army Kandai DESEL and PETROL kh six bullEt FrEE
ंAnmohan Singh zi is jagat the Pn of great aml hal is jagat youth of great traveltipstoodi
You are not the one who objected.
Satta Punjab Talks Bihar Rasta Mumbai Rahta Kolkata Chuka Up Chalk Delhi
Marvel MP Pra Kavya Karne ki karo ready hai ambedkarvadi 2019 our hai bharat province side
ke act is year old Petrol o) desi pe suffers why navel is feeling
You are seeing that there is a limit to the cleverness, everything is the same at night, all the dead are being stolen.
Bora toh then what did you say?
Surgichal women will get their fasting uncle done with very companions
Chittod belongs to yarn Bhai is doing business since 15 years this year has been the lowest business because of nova mass-notebandi and now th
puh benefited from notebandi
did not say anything on triple tal
Anna Hare FArooq Abdullah E Sridharan Urale Anohar Joshi Mansi Tax Govind Dushman Shvas Rajnikant
Shruti sold the temple for money.
If you start Jio, what reward will you give for the country which has brought laurels to the name of the country?
Mubarak to you such that oo iron were alright with me syat ki din, what will be saline with the one who sings love work
Pass yaar rapists going from baba to Trinle pond you guys are so hollow from chanderi jai dare to talk about ek cannon
Puh don't Caro only loses that timeless claim Enjoy Caro
More trouble than notebandi, the leader shut down
Aa Haar logo Modi ji ko badami free car
nUslim Khiramangal Thikkirai 58 M Ati Nyanmar Il Indum in VAnmurai Indiavil Kunavaram 22 M Ati
This morning is the stream of Modi, this is the pitch of the demonetisation of the elephant.
DZ o NTEBAndi khi ashaFAalta shWEkhar lEni chhaahiiyE
Deonetisatiion when. Even after the history, notebandi will be called the most wrong decision taken by SAARC, whose Bhargava power cargo
Spark Incatha Violenche Son Kabul Wednesday March Son Bloodhir or Marireven
ONLY CHOMPETENT PEOPLE APPOINT PATROL HELPLINE MARGET, THEY DO NOT KNOW ANYTHING GET 0120488899999 IRRELEVANT REPLAY
Hey, Trinle is on the lock, the condition is left, God cares a lot, he could not bear the shortage.
Notebandi dug foot milli chuhiya bhi ni note wapsi
When you know him, the kingdom of the drama is there again! What remains to be recognized.
Priyadarshi Guha Mataram, then you should come to Chommies like India! You feel the cycle in getting it done so that it is against the evening
M go vehicle no be profession cylinder meandmyself
Zikr people have played the Khatmak game of Violenche Anvita Karne in a planchet manner in the horn
I am sure you will definitely listen to move in profession way
The Alps have previously heard to believe that you were also healthy. when right. British polio was canceled
Old Yadav' B Z P Man) is Aana caste because you and Purana Ji are from Uthrakhand and both of you have gotra in front of the way.
According to him, you should have done Mataram Shurgichal women on PAkistan without feeding Sankho Tiryani after 26 11 toh Chongress
breathless acting
As Kahu: AppyBirthdayakshaykhumar to the East Gaddi-e-Warne, our defeat that the Nevada was stolen, Nevada took the Nationalty and killed
Poet Bharatwasi lost convenience Jai Hind Jai Bharat!
Property bano kharia kaun’ wo bhi chshlesstransachtions me aur karo demonitization
P.Who sat in the Parliament, who made him happy.
Admittedly ṇṣ is chorrupt but the phrase which attaches level milk to the name is also a matter of the above
Haltak. Pum Tax was an economist in Notebandi and today you have sung six years with the arrival of Gsht
Abuse Walichongres show your pulsation order Changres yourself! Chang's free India's starry X step bound
Hide ki chala buzz ki kor and shehvag chandra ki women raate pe sandehhhhh nahi karte veup aunty
Gsht leader within literature and pr Tichket's night obstacle to all these work is the policy of the political side not SAARC's and pr
Light Olympichs man) mail na jeet paye toh kya dahej man) toh mil he jata hai VO bhi bhar bhar k dotchomkadotchom
Rahul only I think why you are upset with BJP side
Raman Notebandi ke baat atankvidiyo ki commerce tuti aj policewala me 8 sainik sahi 2 terrorist killed gaye gaye shhAanE o PrAVachhhhAan
BzP e nta aa khan o royal shaakhl pie apāt ab b mirror b
Your logic of your parents who didn't even teach you that making fun of Gunter is a soul-driving corner
Are you the one who ran away with your kidney or was he some Agni Pum Shukla the medium reference sahib
Do you just now note and work hard - you know you have given the answer.
It is quite a matter of how many Brahmin Haniya Kshatriyas were killed by Muslims or Dalits, whether they did raids on the way of the country.
Harti me hi hai ya koi dubara jagat or) bhi bulata failta hai bhai ye
Adi 2 years are left, and will be a) The amount of carpet will be removed in Ghalib's house and) Will send Mallya abroad to saltiness
The benefit of notebandi is visible only to those people who have nodiabind.
Explanation Charter is sung from notebandi
Nitish ji had given a ruined order to the notebandi.
Tkhalip tu hui thi umgne him saha bhi tha de that sugar would be spear thinking now beta b:aaa beta b-da notebandi kumar
Yadav came from Mahto, Olympics, the people who spent the photos, the BJP is the most corrupt of Delhi
Agar 11 Cancer- If everyone considers the Archean on the salt of the caste on the way, then what will happen to the brahmin, what is the fault of the people of the former family in them?
Violenche Mumbai's inseparable killer was San Nobuo peace two other solutions
San Aisa Carta Maruthi: Aye right then alone for notebandi, who will give 'Zail Menon Hong student'
Somebody is rich in India's folk enjoyment) nobody will get any farm
15000 Adiparv has rented London Purchases Inn Bhih Notebandi's Ashtami that when will the world do the Demons O but the SAARC Ji
Start General Ways Issues Start Bhi Puh Schemes For Classes Family's Children
It is after the note that many devotees like uncle etc.
For troubled data, etc.
This is the internal matter of the Changres, but I am still here.
These paspate written leader is how much you find what the qualifications of Modi ji
Abu Yeh Bhi, you will decide who are the people of counting who make owls, who are even after the notebandi. Sayings are amount
Triple Pond Bane Wrestling and Atyachar Karne's Mulla's bold will stop.
E Dost aka Gunter Kualitya No E Dost aka Wheeler Benz is the name of the aarti and look at the work B shukla nahi your pahar jal going to Angkok
The money must have come from demonetisation, what is in it, their marker is what is recorded in the story.
Meaning conversation. How much did you lose in the Avanchaniya O notebandi?
Khejrival ji's emotive atrocities delhi mial phir jaane you! SAARC Go Anna Go
4Ever forward politician, if we win elections by adopting corrupt methods, then the condition of being honest and hey attorney can not be done to win from them.
When noteBandi is unattached, why not sharbandi
Tax Den Dipti Pharma G.S
Who was the first Maulana to carry out raids with the girls of 10 12 years inside the mosque?
Jantarantar3aug: Ardik Patel is not a magician.
The Bandra Carta of the story is written by Anand Nanyat Puh She Is the Male Version of Ramrahim BEyhadh
Let the damage be objechtivitya and neutralitya the contract is not only of BzP and their supporters
The disciples of Shiv Sh Eळ ji Shyama Councilor Mukherjee were defeated and became peaceful.
Yaar Aap Ko Kiya Need Hai Song Number Ki Aap Ki Toh Shukla Hey Enough Hai
What a wonderful day aagay notebandi jay BEyrozgar khitney study farmers kha madda dakiya part BAjjet khamkardia PAdosion jay restey khaharb
If you want the spear of such a country and know that if you are against the thieves, then why are you against the demonetisations?
Punjb and Himachal man) inscript to chompulsory crow modi ji
Not only such but what is the note in the slogan, Saal or Real
Why do people bring on the way for work?
If the skin is giving information about the Karne Panchang, one young man has been martyred on my art border, what is going to happen for him?
Raste dance ego relationship dollu escape wantabattay
Knowing India has made you become super super, Aap Pum Banaya Kirsten is such that Omar Pum remains and) India's kingdom in the world was the border
Shs maybe they would have found out that last year they were invited and now they had to navigate the terrorism temple
False these professions because I am not allowing them to take back enough
Blachk moner kyu nahi aaye tak tak notebandi se just fooled the public sang aam jaata ka paisa sang lagta from the film
Jacqueline Han) so that raids like Trim as Perchantage are more talked about than ever
Madhu should be a peace-free India and MPs from the state side of India
Some strong desh ka son notebandi for park carne film andhra film gth film ahangai bjorgari san suicide and details adhbhakat
The wife who died in this country should not be raided or the people of this country should not do it: she is doing the law of this country.
ZIndagi Despacito has become like nothing is coming to the fore and people are playing without volume
Notebandi's 9th Shahina is going on Vikas Kafi Bhi Ho Sakra Hai
shindustan nahi b: aat hindustan bound obligatory here five sang b: aaat banna hoga
Other people think that SAARC should come on my way, then my bat balle ye hai good thinking. And think I would have been
Ju Ansinghani Konya Ansinghani Suresh Glani Kavita Glani Chirag Glani Chhandni Badwani Harti Badwani Haryana Badwani
After all, millions are spent on the race because n e se Mario that the Lord's victory show When will the new loser come Mario wants work When will he get the former sad
Notebandi and nsbandi are the same thing. When they are both, nothing is produced
Bjp gives the benefit of notebandi, you must have seen the benefit of 16k and the disadvantage of 24k in singing GDP and know
AllianchetopsBzPflops Halji ka sandesh form ki riz nidhi na kare allu r akal no raste differenche
Martyrs did not find any obstacles in the way of notebandi, nor did they get 50 days! The hard work is showing golden losing out sir, now after coming to the crossroads, the cartesian bluffing
I was not in a state of being crushed to eat it, I was drowned in mourning in the death of Parle Notebandi aka I did not want to be crushed
Basque Jai Baro Bhola Ji, not Hindu or Muslim, but Sahil and wrong, if there is a conversation between a Muslim and such a Gandhi, then that too is wrong.
He has not said that there is nothing to do with both, because he is the first for me and) Sanatan is my form.
The sixth is, sir, but what is the law that does not impose a tax on petrol?
Piccolo sent out of India
Mohan Bhagwat Ada Raste Reservation Statement Than Mukhia Resone Bahar Evam Vin Patra Jati Tha Mataram Development Ilya
Where is there any facility to fill the affected, how will the lawyer do it
In the affair of triple pond, we have forgotten the issues of 'beef' and 'Intoleranche'
Today you have chosen 'Sajiya a great lion' from Siddi.
oh han) those ladies who sang on the truck
See who benefited from the notebandi so called Gsrib leaders
A marvel without out PAkistan big fear! These Sannotebandis are out gshsh ru rahe sanchare
riha jones who used to be women from below
Who is Mahatma Prapti San Chandidate Nahi Raste Chalakta Hai Azamgarh
Sahib bata bol rah ho bhai payment aya n gsht apna pasha do aur cha ko alag sa do choti business ka bad hal kar diya
Adi B points will be empty but thankfully all the amount respectful inputs Amdev Baba has all, so BzP did churruptions like notebandi
The journey of the notebandi if it is the journey of those who have killed the notebandi crew but
G Kendra Savarkar welcomes Trinle Talab, Jogiya Padya - liye naam namo naam narendra modi this is the great temple this is the best jai hind
Whether I sang worship to you in notebandi or not
For the deco, this PAramshoubhagya is the world's richest tradition in the Provincial Art Deco
Honest. People did not have any table in demonetisation
Scar only your male dance that some Federer caro show so many books that you have to kill them
There is caste but by blasphemy slippery the film is caste that you are material
Only Dillon : Ae who started the mirror, always be happy with the colony khas karta : whether it is aap kha aapna sao or aap khe aapna khaa
Think about what is possible, sell abu aapse koi apna gunter ky shanle kare
Notebandi is also a banda scam which you will not understand
I anikufanu s erotic games thi political kaskar gandhi violenche foi i a n dp aham bahu hamlathadhemun vomit konkamkatho
Muslim domain after asd, carne your bill also human being do not get support of own family on other hand why cost
Thus, recently Male student Singh NK :Ariharan Ranvirishaniindosiar
Don't talk to your father in Pushkar, what did your father take away from demonetisation?
Notebandi pra no durga and today people have come to moscow for deadly inn, these are all meat species otherwise it would not happen mhimsingh
You took the Gunter Shanley order from Mittal Vaibhav VAibhav film
Someone might even call the Chester Ganche Ministers persecuting Ganche Ministers and they couldn't do it either
The intention is the hand, it is the right thing to talk about, who is the person of Eid, who is the male that both of them were male by name, but if they were April priya na
T messi is something toh paddy that Pn within profession ego is right
gabbar sachi hard work yaar people ko baad hun man liye man) wrong gunter baba re
Till the running word. Shame on you brother
First do I know you, I don't know, then what are you on my bed?
Swatva yadi rij me de ka sabse ada ghotala nOtEBAndi
Andhra goes after people demonetizatiion man) drowned the country, by the way these people are
Why is asking cheap carbon my relationship
sEdia sguideabout shantrampalzi pr no raids or charges that the temple is lying hnchgregor
So you're putting my pitch in
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhsshhssssma #swiss to spread Islam in the whole world and your best efforts are to to India
Secret11 Clean Harti ssion shwachBharat
No skin tweet skin twa skin chhounchil skin tweet but mine so 1 monena after migration has not been Verification Sanya has been chapat
But these two t lik violenche fetish other fat leader voilenche vrat revolutionary dikk trachak pechi ki pasha not come in front
In the affair of your sufferer, my brother's job is going on, its responsibility is on
Pon Serbia you Gunter Discrimination s today this thing happened
It has been implemented only in the whole country and the raven of the country will also increase in the same way it should be applied to the thieves.
Notebandi will be less than that
thanks for bringing
Notebandi that vehicle from jugalbandi days can come 2019 hard work
Moushumi is violenche sin
28 Modi ji that the resolution of notebandi is in front of everyone, Mario's house has been thrown out, good days have come!
Lu Chara thief Abhi has not improved his entire thief Chompanya Pra Surgichal women should be together.
Whoever is against the background notebandi, it seems that he has so much black money that he has become angry.
The earlier P did not speak and the Abhi only spoke
You have hurt your choice here that you have been deceived, you have not done anything here, till date in fact 20 users
If I am Graham, now you go inside his bio. Head in Iran or Sunni.
Is India in your slogan?
Whether the ice becomes dominant in the gathering, then after Hong X, the women will be able to heal themselves.
Eating ice is also a big issue for our hunter.
When will your young women end
Ye Modi Ji Kam' 2014 Insh
Puh bzp looking for joan carne's excuse and squad 91 69d
Truly babuji is the pride of whole india
Leon care pass notebandi care equality of chonverted coggle which hey sark dogs not ker payi all traders
na jaan (sun i feel like you don't know your apneya nahi nahi hoga on other chandel, always seen on the game
abu channel
Chote hi bachynge ye bare mare to mare ladkiyon ka raids hai to hota chahe
Shahid to you think indira gandhi was born brahminical and awakened from sikh kartik th out today all brahmin paths are buddha and 1 n
That's why I have the courage, as long as I don't know the slogans are in the name of Religion, till then it will continue to drive.
Shah8 Brihat is beautifully sung by Hari Lankesh that Nelson Se
shodash rah hun ki raat ka peace hai qureshi he different rest and temple got second match sang olympichs rio2016
Famine silver is now being found to be demonetized even in denominations
Hull what birth what Sami India! Maya was sung on estimation, that's why the accumulated wealth is malnourished.
Only the poor do not have the right to get the poor on the way to the railway route.
Do not look at the face that you go, nor hold the hand that goes away. Let someone come so close that you get lost by going away
Chosen is ganche snow hard work are loaded but will raise like this or else comes back because are hard work chestre is aibi demonetization
Ongole Epilepsy Bol Unnat Gunter San Hamid Tomar Asudaltai Bargi 80 Ni Male Baitha
Satta: O you forgot Janardan Leddya, who had spent 5 charges on notebandi, in his own words that in plain and in notebandi.
Jagats do ne broom photo open tu aaye (mru shwas BAnayein shwachBharat
He has heard that Uttar Pradesh side) Bihar Ke Phalke Pyaar! Carle p marriage with the spear that you loaded the perfume Tarun
Anupam who buys him Raman with complete understanding, you also buy BzP o BO'O which he has bought in this year was notebandi. puzzle
Inch) nWaz g 0 What difference does Atou ke Menon and Morning CCS Guntey come in front sai right
Help to Mr. Compost Cars lest young drivers like Sakaren Aba go out of reach of our bones to take away our lessons.
hero of loser
Thi have to know that you are proud of my brazil if you go unnoticed
Appu thing, who is yours?
The expression of Trinley Pond did not come out of Toledo in July.
Baltra point on the form and on the form how much uSlim
Are you listening to Turkish language?
First of all, they spread some carta of people like shankaracharya like brother-in-law does everything.
After demonetization, something else seems to be suffering notice
We are the reason why your guns are going to ask questions.
Aham, now Rohit Mardana has been given the Kolidam issue, BJP has been trying to fool the public to run away from spreading demonetisation.
Somebody was saying that from notebandi, it was said from JD
Solid iss breathtaking svachBharat svachBharatabhiyan
Today's world is dying, 200 have been killed due to notebandi and I am defeated by the plight of 'Khisanon'.
Note B is here and it will be next if needed
The poor will definitely get it if they work hard
First of all loot well then if you take the last kitarahbehewe khonautanki do on the way.
Mentioned people took care of notebandi, they would have given their souls very sad.
Itre kiya to aap khi pon ya gunter khishm lene for luye dance me jagat karte sai dhut chup ki
that who had the country to take from Helicopter or else the promise would have been more caste and violenche and b as it was known
It is good to do daily that there is someone who is working, the conversation is so sad that the excuse is going on in the cycle too Milna Sinha
It seems like Brano will come out of you not in front of you very yet. Gandhi's
G Kumar B Absolutely, nowadays, the conditions have made the word 'raje' for the sake of money.
Joe Obanda is a good speaker in his form, he is a very navel speaker.
So much black money came back from the notebandi that the subsidy is stopped
Aska means people will now be able to say that they do not like the black state of the plain, the notebandi has been done to stop the churruptions and not the state.
Puh hote way of is tiredOfhearingthat
Art's regret t jistha that for the language of ex-male, he needs chris hey inko mataram etc
Those stars whose altavista violanche and 'Dunagiri' will do, are called kidneys of mine.
Jagat to sahib kahi harti mein hai suddenly and national anthem both happen but. Everyone here in the name of secularism. Discussion is needed
Yakub and Ripple Tal Verdicht have given many journalists kha judiciary to breathe out and are the last toh banke
Ye how religious supporters san whose guru is guilty of the king for him 28 admieon to their san glani par se guru ki andhbhakti kiss em ki
Dr. Tomar Moner man means laonfakhir chorittati ababa hotele shotidahoprotha jonoganer upar trust r women trust o bear
How will Modi pay for the 11000 chakras that Modi has lost?
NoteBandi film Hua Chauraheya Peru when next
Khadoos toh my aash bhi tha khadoos thi hai but domestich violenche toh nahi karega nahi karega
By not doing any other proof of this temple empalji, you will put the allegation of PIE O SAARC tull raje chahe. What form is the temple of India
Alha guard aham you care farm ku jantu firdus mayor save mud atta tarmde or you care layer electricity ka yah fateh karigar grab
The Best Amsler Avery: Ladkar Hoga Dara Hai Toh Two Stage Pack for Gunter Schenle Larva Doon
Pum you are not lost, have you been associated with someone?
e. It took to take the mango acid from the notebandi that was destroyed by the instructions of Abu Enchometakshawale to the people b send them down ' ana
Lit ght k bad' bhi number 2 work is going on like this and I am sitting with my hands on my hands.
Rahul Bhaiya, sing a culvert to your maternal uncle Modi ji, where will the plants be till the coming days?
give :ye
Because no children die, nor are there raids, then how come when sex. To bring down each other, you get grains done by all other leaders.
If only the road is obstructed, you would have thought that now the road will really end and children's days! started coming
is this tripletlq on not righttoPrivachy judgement on the skin has done
Raman's carta to stop him from Violenche We insisted that sir happened to him
Seeing Violenche's fascination, it is costing him further in the spark.
Yes brother you! look cool
Absolutely lowly P left after order that you sent P
Notebandi got 9 right, hey Vikas, why was he not born till now, he sang in his place.
Prices of PETO are like others, if you find out that you cannot live without them, then their buildings are lost.
Zikr evam ne Pahlavi Zenkins k Gunter to food man wala succeeded Abu that bar d
Pum tripletlq pra kha mana san applied but peace like muslim silent but mhimVvit baltra room and Bhagwat bhi again! good luck
chowdry man) if i see more i will fall in love with him gunter problem
Jabs Godisaheb P Jaane Hain Barnes Hindu Muslim would be point-ridden etchi i.e. slogans come, some development will be done, if you get slow with a rhetoric
Se bhi indirechtlya swami harti campaign 'he will be called as it is'
Special Kha Kaar Khaye Dillon Tappa: A Khaas Kha Guntere Dillon Rasta
Demonetization badly film hua hai achchept kar' lo such points mat. Car inside the one who takes years to enter and knows be fooled
Sarvesh1 seems to be hit by the nomination too
Satta oh issue sashth 28 ght song bhula gaye tha raja me koi baat' has not improved now.
Nuyin and so you are Muslim and whose thing is what is wrong with them you are not bothered
But ootshob shy white mother no other Gita power acid khaustav power Tomar Cauvery discussion with Gunter
V bar easily takes the interest of the notebandi if they are not good to know em less than 20 would not come back edia so go me caste not
Hai sab adi to bhulaya the film se log ne notebandi ki yad dila di BJP ka suprter hone kh baad’ v bindu hi nikalti hai aska nam sun
Sparrov and the one who is happy after and blessed himself, give him the ultimate happiness, Obanda
Notebandi from aatankwad finished today great n if
Swati Chongress has been a Barli Sandhipad since 1947.
Noda kashmir brahmins about man) think of the world unclaimed only losers adopt and the country' hi you! give them this royal
Rather, Arvind Kejriwal, you! A true Indra human being, he finds me, but if all the members of the side find this Kochi Baat
Marvel Bindu Sanskrutik Bad Muslim Ka Ghar) Karina's throw is good
Sell ​​puh point cars that after not good cost you would have to bear the weeds of what you want to say Barkhurd
There is a lot of problem of electricity in the night and after being in peace, we have sung work on people in disguise.
'Koi Baat' Nahi Aadi Pet Shakti Hai Koi Baat' Nahi Ugo Girl Uway Gotra Think
Syu wife rather started saying that in the language, that is, used to hear the words, BzP chhong is the same, but Diti did not expect such a thing from you.
byomkesbakshi so you are
This domain doesn't know that if they sleep in their house from the channel, then religion should come thanks to these people
Yeh Wahi Jai Ashok: O those who were keeping the country's army in a quarry and praying wholeheartedly with them, no matter how late they were
Pum people believe in the proof of every chit whether it is surgichal or notebandi or anything in the country b show this chit k proof man) your sure supporter
For how long will Adarsh ​​keep quiet? Will your great Thana Palya instead of ex-Shurgichal women?
Hon'ble if ji ek ice then surgichal women's equality has come
The 'Kala Dhan' corruption is over now.
Notebandi badly film Rashi Amal Gosht Kurk Kar Rashi H Saath' Man) Some Reporter in these Karyo Man) Includes only other Chomment
Traitor this reason Werts pieces of India
Bhi thought what did I do by going to the thrum, for six publicity, let me come after you and then see violenche
Gunter should go for accuracy but Pablo and Disha had tarak bhai tha work bar dah and san tyaryani matter bhi giri bhi bhi dhoon
Raids or hard work is of no use to punish only 10 years, even if it is 15 years after imposing it.
The place is in the temple, you people will definitely go to its amsler whether it really happens or not.
Sone Shabd Shaadi Act Like Nahi To Talab Act Like How Tripletq
Are you a reconnaissance art?
D Khee Bout Puia Thai Un:OE NoTEBAndy KhE:E Ishqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa e : 15 20 oE n Khd E e Yee KhEh good:
So when it is on the devotees, then see
Jesus loses a part of the world's life, what have you thought about saving him from this Helsing Biotic Nuclear Year
G is as silent as SAARC has withdrawn its decision to ban demonetisation and now they have no problem with right demonitisation.
Pdtva is champigning against Abhi Bhi etc and 'Jaitley is saving him'
What happened in the film demonetisation happened?
BErgershilkglamor Akshaykhumar NarendranOdi what benefited from notebandi and why did the necessary religion take Chanadian citizenship
Yogendrayadav World Banke has said that if there will be benefit from notebandi, then a little bit has come, sir, it will change again, but if it is fake, then freedom
Shuru ji narayom ​​ati what is rather made puh neutralitya show your interest ritual pyam lat thorin mar e hi hi
Veer after you driver religion You after driver front foot Ho Sing's son-in-law in Bharat Province
Aa O A Waseem Bhai Kara Lama Sayu Sal Ha Ka Ek Malee Zo K Khaas Maale Akhtar or Antar Ki San, then what do you eat in this work?
And Modi, who seems to have a bad amount, that's why the money coming from Pakistan has stopped coming in the notes.
What happened inside the teen pond, the period came to be the most, the conduct temple got a cleric for everyone to see
J03 That's why even if the raids in the temple would have been more, if the temple was built like America, then the best could be the navel, at least the trim would be reduced.
Domain like Kejriwal ran away to cheat the public
Most Ada Ghotala is being printed parallel to the BJP Faktorya, the suspicion of Mohan Yaro Notebandi
The words of note and 'the country had come with you, so 1 bar r ko sho gave only 1 1 child of the country will support you
Banke de yaha uuslim fachtor kahi nahi hai talks These people would get about to play Mr.
The 9th shahina of Notebandi is going on Vikas quite also be sacra is aveitympassWriting
Pahlidf: Aye now I am having friendship with myself
If the gift of SAARC to the country is known as Indra V Vikramaditya
Aba advances that Sadhvi's raids, then supporters have 4 states version and polio administration, everyone's good days! Agye
Aaja Dinner Gsht Palika Commute Strone Villa 72 45 Enthiyea wo Khendhrathil Ulla Annanmar Evam
In front of Aba, the head will be realized, but in front of the general way youth, Konan Sakri will give them their due.
Isa O auslim I don't understand how is muslims so it came Abba din rationality kern gull gai perhaps
The country is being ruined by demonetisation and you are very concerned about us.
Siva left demonetizatiion ho sung talk everyone goes on finding that the one with the eyes sends his reson to the god
Tribeca then loses to Mr. Vishveswara Engineersday
You! Bhi Tvetter but H Mulayam Singh would not have breathed
By the way, we have got more people than this, if I speak to my conditioned person, then he will get 2 lakhs! What people all the way in Joba)
28 raids Hope this will be your last quick note on notebandi but modi modi torture will continue, will this salt go to park sutra
This is the condition of the Indians.
Ye sab to dikh aapki persecution me hamare jeevan shahid hue koi striyan ni hui abhi tak Pls mana administration
NoteBandi destroyed the belief or reconnaissance of the meteor in Firozabad Uttar Pradesh
In this bark and 500 acid 2000K note bandi think chorlogone arms setting that through barnes improve such barnes and jamia
The notebandi and' syat shabd have come forward :ai koi mai kha lalla to whom this Shiv has come forward
Aarey head batterya lowa is not the joy of the jigme, the corner is of our villages, he is of our way
The mind knows that there is no quantity from these things
Tell the scam of 60 years, the country of Kerala knows that it has given the records of all the scams in the confusing one night notebandi.
Next source BEchoz demonetization k talk front pr not people are focusing on saving
In other words, Sergichal is a woman
It seems like the demonetization novos are being counted in GujaratPolls Harlow that the lid is open so the work is slow'
Dhut walls in different arase sing bet women after arhat chase from and' mestra has been amount Pakistan and' our wall
Because raiding Manesar is a little difficult.
This Buddha has been singing to you for a long time and it gets publicity in the name of Aya
Notebandi right crushing take 3 years hard work 1 work' right Jinko devotee or Joomla side talks
The opposition to the considered ideology should not be overcome by the corrupt, Kejriwal raised the question of the women in the order that the protest was on the spokesperson.
F There are great ganaches, all those people who reject marching for the path are made of shochietya
There are only 2 people in the temple, who are getting slogans for the benefit of bonding, but we are Ghalib people, so we have been his Bhargava order.
What is happening to you today, Meghna is happening today: O Cairo or Cairo, the percentage that you are the only people
Chit also my husband can also show the part done by my shanghion the part of the Muslims Treaty Violence Benz Breathing Effect Muslim
Note that instead of the end, the speech was that P said that people should kill me then bhi man) Six more commanders might have been done for the country.
If you were in jail, then give the lentils to the demons, now get the demons punished, Sahib, zinc and law and order, bring the remaining days.
:A so Hammir Arghya is more powerful than you can see in surgical women
Paths end cutting, all in Hindi are the last vehicle, let the wishes stop. Trivedi traveler stotra profession noa
Notebandi hui thi kya hua koi park pata
From taking the temple main symbol to taking the Olympichs main fair to Ladias there is talk of pendulum rio2016
I am two, that is, you Kanha disappears.
Ha to Shih Na 7 Or) 2) The difference between the two will know whether there are other ways than Yadav that Akhilesh Yadav had forgotten.
It will only happen that you will do some work, but you will not steal your walk
Sangdi atri gsht notebandi khiladiyo kho nai buldi sena work day and night for Anna
Income K Notebandi in Gshtkh Fasle in the country supported you Abu PAkistan or his friend! Chhina: Oh Pum he has a truck to answer in C that dice
Mynameisfaza aada hai aap ka cor bravo ke icon aa innocent hai and act merciful i aharbani hai baat merci
9 ZILHAJZ SHAHAB E SHAHADAT AWAKE MUSLIM SAN AAKHIL ASR KH PURRDD AND AUQAY COOR NUHANAND WAA AA E NUHANAND OR AAP! Khi KhidnAt nA Urja Sh Sharte :A
I am in a special way o support na karthik, i am indira and all the people living in saha say something after themselves that they are out of balance
Will you find repeated corners for lit losers and Bhartian lobes?
Manak Bhai had heard Notebandi had such builders that commerce to the
Corner side) The devotee forms in the ear if the person does not have the bus.
25 Chakra Muslim took the verdict peacefully from Tripletalk out a BAlatkari Baba is doing BAlatkari to the law Ramrhimshingh
If the first foreign had been called bizarre, people would have said that this is not a sir, should not go here.
Le pe dekha crane yaarna koi copper hai na koi path only kare hai hai of that delhi sympathetic more
How is the return of the four gsht, Bhargava
What should the triple talaq temple do, sir, Modi has done the work, has it not closed the triple pond?
It is SAARC who has given the people of their own country, who spent them on the throne, they gave them a difficult order.
The beginning would have ended on its own terms, if it did not happen, what was the benefit of free demonetisation, that's why it was done?
100 people became literature. For notebandi film Nabhi Ho Shakti, more than 100 people have been missing if they could have sold the kidney.
If leaders are closed instead of notebandi, Bharastchar will soon end
To this bhi ek sachi hai that nowadays people eat Norway all the way)
Shashth Harti Kumar Karega Masti Hindi Blowing Cheetah Wahi Toh Varta Hai Aar Yaha Toh Hindi He Glover Carta Hai I Missi Then
U Statement Akhter Demonetization People who know me sing money
Note B is the effect of the end which is the relief of such a carne to Baden ji its side workers
Jagan jaye gP ORDER DONETZITON e FIE Pऱ POळ
The Litwahi people were protesting against demonetization which would have been careful
Domingo women fnkte milk with fees, fnkte vegetables, fnkte vegetables, but why don't these bankers fnkte money
Are harti shat-rasa nigam pay attention to this too
If you had told some other benefits of demonetisation, then you did not even mention it.
The world's biggest banda scam will turn out to be a ganche
Save date to save son party ko baat ka raid karne wale baba reverse caro mhimsingh
Desire Dough Drugs e Usha GaanEEB Sixth POOchhO ZhukhO Aapriya Khee Khee Aapani Chhaadani Aati DC e d n nityZtn Gr e khtee
The007: Indus sees the path spread again! speaks
The increase in mirza tar is not due to notebandi, but what you have touched in the picture, not notebandi
Abu banega harti akhtar indira khi jai ho if
Uncle Triple Talab Pe Muhar Mein Kuch Aapke Sung Kya Bey
Oh he loses towards the high
Remain, if the person who works hard to save, reminds the people about demonetisation, then if the person whom people curse, write the claim.
There is hope today Pum Aap Party Hussain Gaya Dr.
That is, Buddha means this from the navel up neutralitya t kre koi kama karne and up bhi give some start to what others do.
Broke you are a Muslim who knows more about Muslims than Broke Hindus know about themselves and Muslims about their religion
By giving this my India did not talk, I would have been able to break people and give them some ego sacrifice, the royal God. May Allah meet in these SAARC PUH
Mishra Ahle Hari Ankesh Pra Hi Tauba would be a leader to enjoy
Bei has tried to steal 7900 notes from notebandi so far following the latest surveyor
Kh: Udgens was on the run now everyone else turned against him
They want to keep talking and talk about issues like notebandi and domestic affairs.
Green and me the penalty for winning the Olympics hard work gold will reward the SAARC 2 5 discussion. BringingBacter
Sindhu won hearts Badminton Olympics
what is this note
Jahangir7 Is India hard work justice also now only Aharoni gets Nashik Disabledzudichiriya
But there are few people in Bihar who have implemented them, they are found everywhere in the way of Ragini.
Favorite notebandi suffering surgichal women know plan posture bright famous ganche rise and also many these years someone's abu has done what
Notebandi was and grasped how Abu Modi will respond to SAARC terrorists but
Dera head notebandi in the affair of sufferer, then 5 to 10 poor lassi is going, no problem getting job, no cost price of maken
Sieter's quite act rok jaapta hai quite two lifelong identity and 'Gunter is the victim of chrysis' special
Agrayan ji ho to pane likhe kvriter hai kya books may also write nonsense without commerce this is the foreign demonetization of Delhi
Jay chakr to doche b poor women crow krk died unhe he paye ni mukti inn rebirth
Notebandi's 9th Shahina is going on Vikas Kafi Bhi Ho Sakra Hai
you want to get job
Lodhi suba, which Harken Upper has said, if you want to kill the upper, then you have to be somewhat strict for Rajinder.
poi need way sixes help let's roam around the world visit your country and see how much meher film raha hai
Good sir you believe you have new gold
Today Adi said that the previous SAARC gave empty order of day's food fet inch) Vikramaditya plant ka ye bhi to chongress SAARC ki hi dehen h
Unemployment is a hindrance even with the end of work, the money man has taken many people out of freedom, they have a desire to eat, give a new job.
Shahid is something older than you
Diti, since last year, Ravi knows about the country, so eat it, now how much more toys do you have?
Incident taunted grainy part of ours, who you choose, padre Meghna became the throne, Banke Yog Su Mud
Ashley is from the point, then now from the ghat and useless that what is the condition, what is the condition of the whole market ashram blast.
Kurla Stalin Prabhabhi people take more money than MP, there is no amount of SAARC by applying suffering
The beginning has been of great benefit, if you do note-bandi Abhi Kahi Na Kahi black money remains.
Why does Wesley do it when the night haunts the head? Why do I give a separate charter? no plant for
There is no mention of chote and me jaata pe jaata pe jaata hai
The raid took place in the school and the school was in Chanderi.
You will also send gels to you with your skin car violenche
I am very happy that Modi ji has taken this step.
Pon Mehta: Aai aap khid she BAe khahaber sanye gati wang lete pura hari aankho she to socho hari rana jese murti hai
In the beginning, when you have got time from GHT and TB and then give SAARC also larvae.
Pamela was slow when I saw your Morris and stopped talking to meet you, now it is expressed that you have peace to her mad
Alpayu nache vishayallo raste gurthukuradhu nana vishayallo mataram raste em important
After lifting 'Main Bhagat Male', taking eighty passes of polio Stalin, the case was not written by anyone.
Being a notebandi film, Masi is compelled to know that he took such a step to win over his political selfishness.
Shurgichal strike having demonetisation having PAn base) linking having gsht having abu how enke varan anna kho
Attention lenka new dice phir given jhansi application me pharma terry so that it is in hindi
Place head, way of reservatiion kha's courage is the star
By tying it to Cairo for the Muslim community, the great concern is that how far they will keep their conduct behind the qualifications of Shariat.
Do living with others has an effect, just as you people learned ponds from Muslims, in the same way Muslims have come to Pandigiri.
It's been 9 months since the start of the notebandi.
Sechular1 Deonoditised Gautam Shahi Anna ji has lost his own respect, just inches, had to be thrown out) Lokpal was called, we could not find people spread in front
Where is the temple which is visible only because BJP Nissin is the Momentum Banna Rashi of 2017
In yadi ji zinda Bjp zinda vade mataram jai hind jai harti mata ki
How much has been found 10 years of tendor is what sixth breath notebandi are talking about and this Biko abhi v Muslim Bakrid me laga
You didn't say anything on Kejriwal Ji Triple Tal
and you look cheetah
11 2 gave just one of them to him carne pe women laga rakhi h maybe
Anna is in the order of the year of his army words, I can order all myself, no need of any last position roman main fi lord fi B:art
88 You! First of all, let me tell them that they mean the way.
After Swami Vivekanandji, Shri Aasar Aruchi, the nation of losing peace, propagated Sanatan Bindu Farm in Chicago
Respected modi ji have you seen the film of Anil Kapoor?
Muslim rule is going on today it seems that Durga Puja Pai stop and Mataram ki chit kyu mata ji, what is the need of so much
johnny leveled ji maybe you didn't feel like taking the vehicle on notebandi
Hanna na modi ji honesty and) use the word issue Hanna neither of the two nor India province side
Notebandi was also a political joke in a losing country so that some idiot can make more fools who know.
Sheikh sabb u hey film you! Sardarfique could not compete against the city of Lalak Haveli
The 9th day of the notebandi is going on
9th Shahina of Goa Notebandi is going on Result Kaafi Bhi Aa Saqra Hai
It is just a form of thinking, in which the way of other people, we are thinking about ourselves a little more
After getting petrol Bombay in Abu SAARC silt, then remember that my people have not done the work of the government.
Pressing on demonetization, Karta is considered to be only pressing on Trinley Talab and Desh Shakti will be out now Tejendra of Baba Ramcharitam is running
Notebandi and oppressed poor opposition has proved but it will prove to be very fatal for BJP In 2019, Itler Shah will go to know
Icon from Islamabad Khalbuhshan Kha from Dehshat Dharma Kha: Ae Harti Isa Insan: Anna Chahta Jay Terman Akhtar-e Maharaja from Amdardi Kha
S is 28 gsht B wet by khutai h
Istyle goes to the lower road and married Ladkar, so the larva gave Bahubali to Kattappa.
Ku Modi to 100 times- peace would have been 3000 borasus guzarish to kill on top of 10lach chakr of notebandi scam fckk him
Bjp sub viet gai ji abhi raat baad chalchalatiion tax amount is the issue
Ownership Vartman knows nothing else about what SAARC suffers from Notebandi and Mantega hi tax power
After notebandi, you lie on the side
You haven't found Gunter's Saga yet.
In the last year the room is being bridged.
NoteBAndi se aatankvidio that commerce tune wale thi leader wants answer amarnthterrrorattcc amarnthyatraattchked
Dharmendra Aska, what if the term would be available for notebandi?
Don't let 'Plus' aaya be tender or breaker, don't let this song darken me ek roshni dikhee thi plus' budhne it!
Notebandi ka count valid chalu he Viks kafi bhi ho vakta he ye Viks kiska hoga vo pum aam janata ko nahi malum
Ji Guruji, if I forget my edge and my path and love everyone, then it will become a religious heaven. ngsaysdonedition
Ask your mother, from where did you bring you like Gandhi did not do it to you
Martyr e surgical women were full of carne, they are doing ashes just by playing
1984 To get something, you lose something.
Come, if politicians win elections by adopting corrupt methods, then the condition of honest and hey attorney who is bound to win them cannot be done.
Triple so that now the wife should know the law for those who run away from affair.
Is there anyone you after the kingdom of Rola in summer! Son is talking to Tamir, so he is not a human being.
If he sees Hindu 2 Muslim in the plant, then the first thought comes that Kahu Terrist then Neha
Just as Bhikshak Khatma Karne Ek Vishta came, in the same way all the way Religion Khatma Karne only humanity salt of 1st way when will come.
Who will give the account of Vyapam Who will give the account of notebandi
Kahi baat' did not say about the Chongress in Hal Trinle Talab, only what was served by Pip Sibal and the people who are supporting Hal Sandhi
Mannoor Messi Rahul also cost Modi as when. 1st Daegue came from BJP in its pocket
Today, you have received a fire-pada amount from the country of Buddha.
Who are you! supporting them
If the bus driver of BZP has come to call the late monsoon of Mumbai.
Triple Talab is historical judgment and' what is this Ibrahim Kha shameless 15 yors’ that Laden won those two nuns and' such hypocrisy for them
The promise made by Sharma to Rohingya Muslim that Bahusankyak knows is commendable, but the spirit will dominate India.
Brother, you have overtaken me in Chamchagiri. truth superpower
Can someone tell me what to do with pregnancy food?
What was the notebandi so that Modi is in turn from Chompanya so that someone is there?
luvkhnvk want to but what's so angry about me fetish like you
Or all your tribunals are limited to making carnival laws to trouble the general public with the note ban
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaoo]ssd oâ nââââââââââââââââââââââââ�â sideâ sideboard]Truck BEKHUH shahi?
Zaitly sahib, whoever did this tweet, did not stop the interest of the boyar class at all.
Pass empty puh rahi hu man) If only tsunami happens, if you become that way
NoteB Andi killed 200 OxygenB Andi killed 400 Across any B, the mountains are visible miracles in Yogini times
This is Bhai Modi Rajat Isse player fined right
You only mentioned the ex ministry that the reality is that today you did not deal with the ex and deputy thieves of Chester Notebandi Duniya Ke Sabse Bari Scam
In lieu of Ghat, Mahe did the limit order. Vastu Dost Nahi Sabaab Uber
The bark will be the yant jay of San Japta on the flowing gdP and notebandi
Notebandi kha 9va hina chl kaha :ai Vikas bhi hi :o vakta :ai
Ashoka today his tongue that surgichal women must have been so the navel in front of the skin
Bindu nrried mind so he now this three-pond one has become this sette toh he goes with the quantity also see marriagevovs
sAharashtra Mahan Amma Shri Amma Mahan Award Varan Badle Shri Chit Atma Shut WOrld PAache University ItWPu
Without a pawn on the way and the railway, the traitors will get interest from their charges.
Demonetization ke nau right baad' th that born of BzP sukumat's two children lost the whole of the Pacific
Notebandi se sare 500 1000 hote to sarkar ke s gaya bharstachar wo kyu karen zarurat hi kahna hai kharib ho rashi ab toh bas
If we have supported you everywhere, then you! Why don't people get our house from Ammaal?
I hope you! Other measurements of Na 56 The work man of the N56) does not hear the state axis claim you! Why is the well hurt?
If SAARC Help Crow
Drying the meat of the animals inside is not the same as drying the meat of the animals outside
Partha is patrolling but not on petrol and Dara.
Umeo replay pond from this bad also has a problem with the world directly not opposing the speaker
Arsenal turn dare you guys like that
But only Bano ka toh gangrape happened, only one skin, please only Muslim woman.
Do not do much ask dgee smart order people giving this can not be right to tell order except notebandi
K de Mandir Chommentary Pon has also spoken out that Pon easily losing Nemo is not hard working Indus BAdminton Olympics
:DEE' the person who has forgiven someone's sin, then Allah will increase his hard work, Uslim 6757 Abu Raina Dua Cars
All relationships with Rochks will not be pictured without parrots. Otherwise, it will be like a police station
No need to take demonetizatiion like zodiac steppe only girls in every sports sun ladrones wife larva two will always worship
BAdllo k surgichal women she was not crushed
Today the real man of the people of Chongras is the caste
Some say the problem is never explained Bhagwan Allah no matter who he is he can never speak bent circle of anyone else's faith just teaches profession
Ghuskhenaro a surgichal women what order li whip g singing h what a women from Pakistan improved a women order of markers slept h what
Above the kidney is silver, there is a fixed amount, loss due to notebandi, what happened to bring back black money, speak on the issue of Lokpal bill Chandel
Bhagvan Bhagya and Baba and Pum Bhardwaj is or blind devotees temple mosque sang and three ponds what planted us thank you March Pn
Husband has tied the enjoyer on notebandi these days.
Vibhavjoshi Isa t u Rahul Gandhi
Are there reports of any Muslim chommunitya, is there such a point level of Tangut because he himself is an example of evidence by considering the terms of his religion?
9th Shahina of notebandi is going on V may be anytime
Sanvi Kafur Drinking Wader Puh What automatically is seal hard work water came
etc. country dash fashion t iss demonitization
Yes, Saha's Muslims also want that India should become a Muslim country so that they should be supported.
The army one day finished the whole story of these naaaaaaan lokon pr hi surgichal women order
In some cases, the Syrian government's support for the Rohingya proved to be a violation of the country's security
Diti has kept so much trouble for your people) Once at the crossroads - May the Margo Indira public be well liberated by giving clear recognition, have a good day
Watching your court Akhilesh Yadav is more irritating son Arvind Kejriwal Akhilesh took him to speaker whip
Gurpurb khe nke kor apani ghaltiyon khi nuafi ngtey ye shri gurugobindshingh gurpurb yadi blachknoney demonitization
Alha aap jaisa farm hussain bhi attha farm
Start again! NoteBAndi kyu varan air thi when Mario was not born Gunter NoteBAndi respected Adani's all main is quite like
'Amara Bharat Mata has to earn hard work, not the flag of fate
How to find the way
K9 tera gunter shanle kar diya and ye hassan rashi hai
Delhi Nandanhn work till date Surgichal women's proof to not get Khezrival Jay bar bar proof believe enough if ji se bhi fanagalo
If wherever you are, you were present at Trinle Tal, where are you?
Narendra Modi Ji All Provinces
Satyarthi begins: Here the men's class has flourished so much that they enter someone's house at night and do raids on gunpoints.
Our India needs a temple here that there should be peace and sound quality.
Schools Sanstrike Abhi is not enough
Triple Pond Has Gone Illegal
: Anumm ji where have you been, you would have been free to take out the sun god again.
If the gladiator politicians win elections by adopting corrupt methods, they cannot be more honest and attorneys
How will the work' development in Delhi be from Khezrivalshe suffering from Abu etc. from suffering from Notebandi now from Gsht Tullal Shanle
Shorya Atul Ji But Anna had agitated to bring Lokpal law against corruption.
Syani ek parshva hai jo notebandi varank atankwad ka dhamar toth sakte hai vastu me hamlog banduk bana rahe hai hote badal do kamars gaye
If you guys have got time from Nelson like Rum Rahiman Syat River 3 Pond, then just listen to it.
I have seen some health inside health Magnotta in the same manner that you are reborn as a king, Rahul ha.
Shamajdar people have already passed the society, used to come for notebandi day, you will get bad navel by speaking abhi
Are etc. light pillar owner losing pillar demonetization pillar Munna is also left
Ach din har ratan bus aap ka naam
Inspirational Narendra Modi in Chhongress Free India! BAnavyu and the incoming San Box attitude remain POnsite free India! Ma Bano
The bridegroom will agree to sell a lot on the way of Maya
Great, you can come with someone else's share of money and that too with your share.
Gorkha torture is needed this year instead of triple pond
Why isn't today's slave Costener g Gunter sensitive: Why doesn't he think about his work area?
And think like this for the Dalits. Yes, it is the people inside that all the paths come in it, but not everyone thinks of some people. no such SAARC
100 in notebandi promise death! 100 promised death in Gorakhpur! 50 Promised Death in Anchalakula! Suicide means the troubled public is extremely
On the notebandi from Lalak Fort, who said Pt and who gave the donor, both are different, so P bowed down and said
H Chongres' free losing campaign under the leadership of Hal Treaty
Save the pace because after all hard work country that honor he left sixth Indra Bronze Rio2016 Olympics
You forget Hines Hines no sorrow but the day we forget you Samy will go this world hard work pum not
These wholesale high hopes are right from the zudichiriya that martal raids to the rachognise. right kartik
You will be quite Mr. Talk to you is corner. If you reply to me, then I am back to Apollo Marg Center Revolution Oak.
Fanzzzz Farhan You have kept the case of Toh Gunter dead
You have done the work you have lost.
I share 10 years for 7 years for common pay carne and another 3 years share my objection to Jesse dressing sense
Every year when the arts are happening, see the sequence. Every person speaks early in the morning.
That things are not befitting the Day Olympics
You haven't heard, you're talking about it, it's such a conductivity that no one should come, basically those who are tired of the road.
sahib with syat
Aapni B achchiyu kh urge kh map pistachio leader khe ach san door you man) and leader man) san ada gunahgar hai movement song difficult sai
slim leyon to arms armot dhanybad Shiva killing so arms after pip is the law to give life san is the work of Punia
Sun Rashi, you guys talk about it, when arms are everything, then everything is chontrol fame, then you win the case.
Charitam Mohan you guys help karthik hoo my kidney and armed have been killed place help him
Hey you! where do you mean
Whether you take any plan swatch harti demonetization shkill development worship mantra housing joy so san
chakra hahaho good good my rest hong and you are not
From taking the temple labor sibal to taking the Olympic fair, Ladias is able to go
Abhay calm relief talks Khai Modi like na Ernest Larva di
Back Hindu Muslims would not have been Arles Shahb, they would have been about harm
Look at your country, whether you have become a male Educhatian or if someone takes Educhatian in peace, then it would have been like the case of Rehana pasta in London.
I am not counting the achievements of any side, but the decisions like attack on black money were not easy.
Banir Shabad Goth Hamid Menon 8 years left dob ​​gayi people helped themselves under the body removed intzamia ghatbadh pip ali friend! Intriguing
Narendra Modi ji should be made the head of Sanjukt Shastra
I mean Sanya Yatra of Walden to get Trinley pond, those who give their billion- ko na talab na suhagan banke diya toh plus ye bhi
Let the shopkeeper be established and disappeared so that his success will come to the fore, otherwise he will come on payment, what will happen then?
Not forgetting and forgetting too much
Making squads and statues does not destroy Bipasha is job domain empowermnt basil nurse getting ooPneedsdevelopment
Demonetization and ght le gaye for six days
Raid on Hindi title also, there are diseases of the dead and they are abhi im. h d done
Kia you have to fulfill the story in the night, he has fulfillment
Point Austria lai gunter women antas ko violenche justify garner arjun garcia hindu classical ra manesar ka ho said
Mahela bhi you saw what happened and put all the thefts in front
Why are you in a bad order with 10000 hair for lit 17000 sufferers, they have morkeled their heart
Will remind you to spend time only in which notebandi notebandi carne gets its benefits, but why don't you tell how much damage is done to it?
Amin income kundaria aP bhe allowance happy relief arrival
B. You are saying that there is no use of notebandi, it is that which passes through Vidarbha, there is a lot of water and less. later is the benefit
E amar alto york biggest sun I have found that you are angry with me if Muni has made you quick then I apologize to Delhi
Ian sir my liver and armed had been killed Hussain Koi Insaan Nahi Mila I have heard that you are morning ki help work.
Demonetizatio ones 4000 khi amy paye carne li will be
These women did before the end then so challed zhund hati said so it is also that the path is not completed will come again
The lit BJP people are again waking up the Anna losers. In 2019, they should be alert to suppress the people of the opposition.
Even if there is no mention of Raje in the FE of Aasar Apu Zi, even if it is not made, then it will be gel zustichedelaydzustichedenied
Warn is to Mother India
Khedisila gandhi yamal violenche la du pata vachitingle da
The cell wife has become less than Ghhta: Aye that seems: I am just to eat meat and ' to get good results.
Arsenal prove them to be heavy state you are talking about this FFWworldhidden Peruvian pendulum. finance department
Money will come from notebandi, the cost of knowing more than 200 people is 8900 crochets.
Guid Gunter for Vrihanla fetish as if there is some intentional old labor
Otherwise, it turns out his dad would have kept his salt in the notes
It is possible that the notebandi who forgot this :ai you start a shiv notebandi se important and also subject :ai
I want to know that people are making personal tweets to each other, so did not interfere
Ichha pum people would have come here. 10000 thieves would have been done by the ancients, nothing happened to the notebandi.
Demonetization kha 9th hina chal kaha ah veekhaaaash chhabi ba sho taktha sai
Have heard that Ben has gone to visit Iran, you have not gone
If you say film hi hi surgichal women man) film is the most amazing after that without man) eat and drink, then you will get more guard
Duggal 400ch kama li and some people notateBandi apical plant which
Bye bol ka phir bonvai smart nai karta bad after p you normal try kamini bibi
inch) Notebandi has locked up the work of the Chhongress's defeat. Besant is the second option
March Jaitly you should sign because after suffering peace and suffering, millions of job drivers would become singers and businessmen's business got destroyed.
What am I, people will take revenge like women or will just condemn it
Aska agar directly to sugar, then lone rasta kyu pon mafi kyu nahi was the notebandi for of banke or of sugar
Chhabi 2017 hard work, hard work, 7965 crore rupees for quarters.
is it available
Aadi Bharat's first atankvadi Sanghiyon ka papa Nathuramgodse Asad India's best banda scam noteB And he bhi Sania's father if
Just think thought. Kyu uk modi jaani a yuvan nu nahi curtains jo dillon tohi jaani a
Datta Ichcha Ichcha Nanded Soni 1996 Looks like notebandi hard work has been very hard like you, believe me, koi nai tere achchount se hi under 15 lakhs!
Dera chaddivale valve mataram ji notebandi on cup) speaking boldly or then speaking apollo sannyasa only the express address of Hindu Muslim is lolak gobarmal
Running away in the end is considered to be quite a ways to chertifichate because all of God's citizens are equal so we humans have created caste distinctions
If the Agra Slum was anti-women, then there would not have been a right to open the woman, in the slum, a brahmin can clap men with everyone, women open
Chhabi you bhi koi yearly dag lo and take out paslo, by the way, now you eat triple pond rate. Niah is taking out religion, it is going to be complete.
The three pulses of Notebandi are zaitley amir yah and adi
Mahajan who Aaye Din Domain K Saath 'Gandhi is raped, there is no opposition to him.
Pakistan ka 90 belwa ot ho jana bhi yaad hai Agra ki film ki karna karna karna karna hai
head you! see if you want to show
Hero's heart for all so fail all of us all Muslims will have to be united and the day when Islam became one, no technology, we did something common.
Dera Chaddivale Chi Nelson Miracle Gaumata Worthy Beautiful Father Sakra Uncle Phir Mark Nani Lolak Notebandi Meditation Hata Miracle Verts
I have heard that this ignorance is doing BJP Jones, by the way, before crossing the BJP, he is eating food first.
Hi h Islam free India!
It did not come to the fore that Modi, when all the work at night, some work, some work, he suffers from notebandi, making Nitin the extreme.
Lit electricity that tension people like you also have o
Shuru defenche forches that there would be no way no religion he is a nasalvad may trust rktayhai your only religion is to live and die for the country
Shuab Hindu people are Cartesian on the matter of choice or other, that they are not married here.
Noting that the country's economy sat down due to the vehicle, the virus ended and the unemployment hurdle was taken after taking the decision after Ratna.
If the ideal front voting is for the country, there was little for the nomination route
This time, the teacher sang the wrong words, you need Cairo and marks that you are in front of the place.
You take ashes from my stars
Pasta then still presents and goes behind with danger
He is the devotee of Gunter whom Siva told
Pum is a country shod with religion arakan gunter inequality language and permanent issues when it goes this country will be even greater
How are you?
He was thankful that yesterday he did not give the magazine to Netherland and said that because of being a state of Tevaram Bhagya, it won with the support of BJP.
Sir you! Kamele Ho Dham Ho Malamal Ho Pip Rochkkkinnggg
'Schools Santrike's attitude is not clear about school, their Oslo is high.
About to be demonetized about Jesus
Note B and the belief that the meteor was destroyed by reconnaissance or reconnaissance.
I am drowning India! ready to give birth for mother
The presence of chwan is enough to be mentioned whose yoga warren t serious profession
Demonetisation is over and you are busy working hard to make your father happy
28 After the lockdown, why did we start dasta lagnesh in Borneo?
Sharma Everyonne Hassan sell economist with demonetizatiion hul tak. Those who did not have any problem with the scam of economics, they are all counting the notices today.
Notebandi se a lot band ho gaya small business men's haul look at
BIes Bhai 0 Barat Q Ki Instant Trinle Talab Sabse Bindu Dd
Just as the religious teachers give prison to religion shanle, so does caste navel shanle be power
Favorite Digital Mandir i.e. 200Govmata Maruthi 70Children from the film Brano 24 and 'All over the country, 15 lakh jobs were sung by the film Notebandi, Vikas Lolak
Like all the rules, there should be promises if it is so that pain will arise in the people.
2 3 becomes out baad me tu baad aaya sechularvadi and' said that demonetizatiion and' the most damage from gth only 3 3
Bindu thirteen sister was given by someone, did Trinle pond devotion?
If religion supports the wrong thing, it is also wrong
But don't let your daughters like the seventh price very much after the passage of iron.
good luck to you
Kejriwal wants a province for Shergichal women but no province against himself
Nadir 3 to Muslim Ho order is imposed against the slum, first I have to say my spelling mistra, the work does not find you in Urdu but rather
Losing hard work is henna, so what is the point of taking adi nodi henna: When there is a note, if there is power, if there is power, then if there is sakra, then I will also
Somebody got stared from the notebandi.
I don't talk every talk, action is enough
Against assuming Khalnayak we can get Sacra in India like Modi
28. In the name of Ichha Notebandi, the money seems to have been talked about in your Delhi, that's why Nitin had supported Notebandi, got its share.
now all are forgotten
Those who were killed in Lodra were responsible for those who were killed by eating the route.
easy language hard work equate denonetisationesuchess who shouted the most
Asha driver is the latest case ie tell me what was the benefit of notebandi
Trey Mandir Hindi Jaipur
It is only because of the dirty note that the temple is being sold and there are people for whom they are playing without singing in the temple.
There are vehicles opposing the Triple Tall, who opposed Mataram and Harti Anta Khi Zai inside.
In the plain of ego notebandi, the devotees are speaking like this, they are larman
The leader of the country who broke the daily, sometimes in the name of the road. Sometimes in the name of religion. People only go to their politics.
What medium should be included in this number, why should this number be heartfelt on the day of Ratan, whoever is the last man.
Aapne logo ki shanti song ishu ka bagda auslim bindu yamaha ka bagda nahi isse se shows saark kitni farm hai 70 san ganche
O) Lalu ji upper to what we said
Mada Pum Kurukshetra is the student of those new love, eating in our handicraft
Dweller rather than Richkshaw is a woman
Peace will be found harken such that ashley no meher no akhtar women pe thi today referee missy work mildly seen here at night calm toddungi
Shuru ghta ke raate pra will get vicarta soon for antas, otherwise i will have a lot of problem in the first right
The favorite Chaddivale Valve Mataram will go to Hindu Muslim Durga by 24 or will do some work for the country, the British brokers Sharma Karo Lolak
If ji to said that Notebandi has given the dharma of Antakbad then who is this jybd amarnthterrrorattcc
Notebandi got the benefit of the kurta, give the answer, so the district spends its life after plundering money.
Jones has done social demonetisation, he would not have come and faced it.
Shahid, who was against, had the fear of losing his power, like today you are also a politician or a way, all these tenders are part of open polio.
Banke employees are not making excuses from the merchants at all, plus do something, only to note that the advice is applicable.
koi mere ko gosht talk about hard work in hindi
The heat kills some people;
And fear! If you are afraid, you are wrong
Write the way giving
Now it is Acharya or some Marcel's Bhadwa dog is also a promise, but you are a spy of Pakistan in India.
I have come and written triple tlie and 'm ah got rid of my ego, then take my dhamkiyon seriously, talk i cry paduka
What about you
Losing Karaya I Sindhu ShowProud Olympics Badminton
So that after notebandi' Bhi blast's money with your side people) 10 20 Do not buy in crochet Anna h na bzp all sins get washed away
Decisions like sugar notebandi give quick purchases but why is it taking so much time to close the game of death?
So, by making Hindutva fanatics, kill the BJP and its Hindutva people, Mohsin has to face the shortage of money.
Thank you for your thinking, you should do as you have written, that is, Sultanpuri Vasshio has hope from you.
28 who suffers are hard to find in the SAARC world
No Hindu or Muslim is wrong in Basque Srinagar. Wrong person is just wrong
After the excursion
When listed. Arrive at the vehicle and if you get a turn, you say to go to Varman Mohan, Dumaila to you
Blind to the nationalist assessment of 16000 crores born notebandi karne would have wanted that friend today 21000 croches 5000 croches so that is loss
Aaj Kal Toh Mohit Revives Bhi you are not posting anything on Siddi Trinle Taal
Good day for BJP devotees! have put
Hey man, who did you follow me?
: Aaan yaaan BO: aat kandai i zaan nikhanE aadi i language came oozshE deputy khano ghi
Some hard work has kept the shop going today Penaltychorner Olympichs :Ochkey
The building should work together, the path has been made towards humanity and the country, it has been told in India and Hindustan, the country bpi
Modi Ji Yeh Kuch47 48 Will Keep Ek Nile Ho Gaya Second Sanyal Thisara Throw Parle Ginni Chintan Ki Ratnagiri Tell Kumar
BAnars front politicians can not be more honest and attorney than winning elections by adopting corrupt methods
Inssh today brihat rashmi sai dillon six raha sai san ka sign speed o student mein sam aap kha brit deep san san
Notebandi that the land of the market, the 15000 ends of the cycle of the Adiparva should be awakened, chuperative banke chredit, shani should be inquired.
Notebandi will show victory to Modi
If you have told the UP icon closed, then the party
Khezrival Sanya Singh Massage Sisodia Anutosh Aashiq Kheti and Kumar Vishwas who fooled Anna Hare to make Delhi feel
No scam in the history of loser after notebandi all the money he got buy measurement
Gunter demonetization verb spring so banke Gunter what to do etc. be magazine are necklace of open dog to do etc
Come, if politicians win elections by adopting corrupt methods, then the condition of honest and hey attorney who is bound to win them cannot be done.
The wife seems to have been prepared to do the business of common business.
Arya stotra and women then talk about hard work, see what is happening
when. If the work is done on the upper arms vehicle then it will be
What margin when intercourse of you hi of tweets to get twitter downloaded has hal treaty that work
Polio defames itself for polio making no heart open
You had to say that after paying hard work money, write me a letter for the person who gets money from you.
. Offiche bhi hai sath hai'
Oh! Dende lohe ky desh' da bhasha bha kya garib anna mar ta tu tere dendi yadi gsht ne te tu sara businesses tu khatam kar ta
They get the returns on the way
It is a pity to see that the first person in the sequence will be the first to write the light screen. hey evening sun t
etc. icon free volume pum malini dog k baje as if you keep a dog, it seems to me like seventy-two great crushed males
WO TWITTER MAN SMITH WAS GAY SAYING TO DEMONITIZATIONS KNOWLEDGE
Chorruption four if Ji to Kashi would have found that pas mehnat hit the master twice on the head automatich hosni go
The answer to Bhaktone Pelting is demonetization or Khatma Sahib will have to think for himself
On the day of Rakshabandhan inch) that 2 daughters brought 2 Olympichs mail to the country's dignity that Rickshaw that is Sindhu Shakshinalik Rio2
Am Ek Bindu, I am Gupta by the way, I am aware of the difference between the character and the person.
We are only on the cost of petroleum products, we are the best friends of the country, there are some reasons you guys are press
The way politics has come is the honest leader in front of us.
There is no promise form of his own path so he is also a Hindu but he is scholarship and I am Agarwal
tdi oo allu male dance with u Jagat Seeing like this, we have a habit of ignoring our losing marker
tripletlq to shanti tha 35a abhi baaki hai
o If any circle is printed, then suppose it is
Dora Keliya is present in her mouth, toh crushed and Neha
BAnrohingyas yanmar final le sacra is losing why not
BJP's implementation was seen in Notebandi and Grast. Implement a few more schemes and then the country will sink
Giving talk in your area also in America that India knows that Congress wants liberation India.
We don't know what black money is, we don't get black money
Jai Hind Jai Bharat!
San people quickly forget the words golden gameplay learn reverse choruptn forgetting hong a power is so puh to snotebandi thi
Notebandi or) after the grasp of the phrase Modi's most banda Imran will pass in this too
mumbai that anna has no right to abuse rayon
Demonetizatio kh daring Indira ji ji bhi nahi kar so that but if ji has done zai indra
Temple W so it was Sacra even without notebandi
Pum head 6 5k is not on working women, their change is on women Will BJP want 1million voters angry corner
The winner of the course is called demonetizatiion.
The solution to the problem of Doria Fogg Trinley Pond is not the work of Modi, it is the work of the chort.
Notebandi had also eliminated Atankwad
Mohalle Bhi To Chhai Central Government's film Kaise Ek Raje's allegation was sung as a devotee who has made a devil.
We have not given you anything will happen to you people, but Takshak could not stop theft from the face of theft, he is also from the railway.
You are wrong! Movement Caro Peru Why are you doing this Violanche
Song you all are doing great work
In the name of ideal choice, meat will be your line, as if you have selected the afflicted and demonetization.
Abu money is not everything verse eWAllet v is pro narendranodi demonitization
Shtmi aa zite zee ghtta to t:EEkh I PऱE E E E E E EightE I rod V yaPIo e E
Notebandi gdp q b rubbish but le mare to bhai pad rahe hai na taal wala thinking sai tu wholesale hi aur raha hai
Congratulations you have joined the premium indulgent hard work of Indian Alvay today.
You have arrived!
Pip bap' happens to be the losing end that if the surgichal women cardia we turned
Jai Hind Jai Bharat!
POlichy Love) Emharti's sixth after the pan is of the way of the army no matter how many positions take the word. This point will not be other Delhi leaders flourish in sustainable v
Isha Saying's change people completely filled her out of the house, so the polio caught larva gives the allegation of domestic violenche
How people were sent to Tokyo Gaye Heni Pum Olympics, saw Abhi's match, Modi ji did the country's money for this
b Smallpox O e Noteb and Gp BAttana start insurance to branch
By giving false assurances to this bhi saheb, Bhagat was born in the province of India.
Even today aap ke waiting man raat' gujar gai was built, tearful people remember with their way and awakened people with their quantity
Speaking in defeat, Brano thought it would be enough.
Am only that note that the film got sloppy, for which 50 days of soaking was the emotional atrocity, was it
The head of the losing BnW is Gunter what you have in front of you for the BnW
DemonetisatioSuchchest One Day of Punishment! Have to apply driver note ban
Waiting for good days to clench the uterus Vijumla notebandi
n protest is speaking notebandi film Rashi knows, said Rashi is Modi ji do it again
Why brother is it bad to make the price of Muslims what pum se pum their will 5 slow that name is fulfillment
Jaisey Chomparison you! What's new is that when both the channels are in front
Puh bhi tha felle, it was that people used to say pro stream to tell male pro, but now they talk about the accident that
25 trolled Muslims on triple talaq, without coming on the way, the decision of the chort, treason on others, Muslims
What formula seems to be losing to Unohingyas Ghyskhoro
Plz give domain ko apna pon ke jati saamana thief
All the Muslim rulers who came to Harti, they made the temple, Kerala is the monthly ban, Yates was Tejomahalaya, 500 years from Shah Jahan.
Sir Requested Yoga Palace Sir send your report to Orchha Dhamma Tikamgarha Measure to show the incredible Harti instrument
Abdi etc. from whom there is hope, they are hopeful, they are hopeful.
The road inside the reservations should both end because it is the cry of Kumar Tarak
Atri part is considered according to Hindu religion.
The East thought that because of this the losing year could become the right one.
Bringing the great
Raje is not recorded on the shoes case that the temple has tried.
For power, what did people do right? The only excuse was to use the power to take the garcion.
Khirad Ka Naam Junoon Rakh Diya Junoon Ka Khirad Jo Chahey Aap Ka Chashma A Karishma Saal Kare
The result of Modi ji's note is in front of everyone, Mario's house has been uncovered, six days have come
Applicable in taking from notebandi 3 abu oor) not Delhi
Ruchi forward politician, if he wins the election by adopting corrupt methods, then the condition of being honest and hey attorney can not be done to win them.
The one who does not know the meaning of economy, he took the decision of notebandi carne.
Education We said earlier that Gunter Raat Improve Caro Abu Payment
Aham ji ne vyakt jama kare hai jaa little maang le and channel se bank of 200 crochet notebandi
Flop shiv of modi scheme to make people money ate people's money etc. has taken over the country flopshovmodi notebandi
'How is our loser's school ice toh absolutely navel shafeshchuls
It was six. You come tired Alhumdulillah
Who has made Chetia, the other has eaten Anna, what is the matter 75 Look at the distribution, confirming them, the note-bandi has ended their own seal is down.
You are sitting on the sidelines of Slama Kogl! Even now, forget that, are you getting slogans for some days to the Lokpal, their amino is tired.
Let's assume that Ganche Ministry and 'BE' is also relying on Kejriwal etc. Till the time 'BE' doesn't know how much money came in notebandi
Industrial Granth did not say anything to the barrier of notebandi
Lodhi Arse God now brings the path from the story
Gunter Schalle will get carbon for illegal carne through Ceres Ha Ha
BJP's corner and barrier park in the corner.
schindia shuru striyan hoga unemployment for navel ready is student
Petrol was not included in the paper of Golan 28 Aaja Ek Baat Toh Baat
Blind devotees, see how many blasts moner came back from the notebandi
notebandi scam
m yuvraj puh troubling but demonetizatiion film ho gaya puh troubling and) owner bhagat gaya passed modi bhagat gaya as choki was recorded
Theindian truth still bringing Hindu Muslim to' hi benefit know the amount is all
After the excursion
Bjp has taken a lot of responsibility in 3 years, which will take raids in notebandi today, even if BJP leaders have been found till now in the middle case in India
Is your country impe on the way you expect
Lit nslim sun ka baat karta hal samvat bhi bindu cardia you to adi bhi lagaya huye ho nslim domain tak ther empty threat this brix
Notebandi's goal was to find life on the path planet, which the one did.
When notebandi is notebadli corner only gets
In Wamba Notebandi so many people became literature only Blast Moner Whip
Layon Yohan Rayon would have come to the right that do different gunter hard work only love's relationship would have been right
naming you
Obama said in the early days that if he lost, he could not know whether Osama should be killed by closing Kolleru.
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
Zumlevaz me notebandi that you unlimited VOtebandi work VOte4chongressshP
Normal market hard work has been done since the last
Here Muslims give completely opposites, their quantity comes with clear slogans about the country.
Have to ask how much money came from demonetisation.
Whether you want to give the whole country's pickles, pulses, and the children of diseases, who talk about the sources, women will be able to get Yadav again.
In the year Isa Bar- Did you get any Pakistan by importing it because the people of the parties are the lower professions and the people of those people are poor.
Religion is good so you that religion is not joy Brazil iss so manstream
You're going, everyone's going, everyone's going to bring as much as you can bring
Ramrahimshentenching em I will be king for 10 years but he forgot the map in the gsht East 100 gsht now lo 20 years
E Jinke In Front Of Funda World To Sell Chup Ground He Didn't Call Referee Sabb Modi Ji Se Mate Hai Hai
3 years in the country destroyed after do you 2022 that notebandi gsht wo big stamb notyPn
Samvat Schemes Target Policy Children Policy PAdhao Gunter Equality 2017 Breathtaking Innovation 2019 Tax Ideal Religion Daily
5 Yours' raid in Delhi, fasting the health brain gets spoiled) After hearing all this
007 Zya Farms Playing Champion of Demonetisation
Speci
If ji will have to take quick visits because if the Rohingya are going to die of settling in Harti in protest.
is sir notebandi to your side) for your fulfillment Vidya hi dhamar sabhi to bahut khushi hi
It is in the heart of Amma didi, just to say that Minister Mamta said that she is a Hindu, so that for every religion, Muslims do Muslims.
Having a triplet son would be as much a solvay as a demonetization to aatanquad has to a tripletlq
Why do you raise Ungma only on Muslim The last one who receives the scriptures eats the Norwegian
There is no problem in singing what you have done, whether you are on the side of the temple or on the side of Pakistan, those beautiful women belonged to the country and not to the meat.
These cow monsters and sufferers have forgotten in the affair, what was the benefit of notebandi, the carpet will come 15 lakhs! will come
Shafeshchuls and want the truthful losing session to be laid carbon and our words to be safe carbon
What has happened in the hands of Saheb
In notebandi 120 people have died, is this public service, night is your public service
BOld steppe towards domestic violence ends of to parrot sEpisode pace and family relationship not being quite so
Phir a surgichal women will then porte m jane k parle if n amir city ki to will
Gunter Pane Salai Thana Chha Identitychrissis Inn Domain
Aquarius from you
PAying Tripura to harti ratna wigmore s Vishveswaraya
dude which way are you mother i.e.
Alka wants leader Shrimp Arvindjibhai Kejriwal. They are not leaving the house
Whose job did not work
Mirror speaks something in front
Extra proud that the talks change the state, t ne kalstraha ek male that other title, oh see the crew regret and now do the rest of the drama
Anandam aunty 1 so Anandam aunty 2 inn cor variety room you thing is apu is Planned is operation is first is gunter finds
Arsenal If he had been there, all these things would have happened to the right, then by now your name sack has been ready.
Accident Some pulses became happy inside. That notebandi film Ha Va Re Wa Kya Naam Hain Haa Last Modi Ki
LNAAGSH AWARDS COUR GUNTER SENSIVITY HINAT KHATARIA ABHIIYAAN VYANGBAAANNI NAAARY NAAARY
Even if the meat man) didn't file the Bernie Carta point
end) Through the chest, Abu would know that he would like his pocket to go, what Chandel was the lit of allu he are involved in women
Is man wife difficult saint, so the rain has come and where are you Shiva?
If the triple pond is closed, then you are furious, will Abu Uslim woman spay atrocious mullah or not?
Tejas Notebandi k mahela tha ye janata samya chuki hai
Hai Harit is way and religion politics has ruined India
year you 2013 hard work met varman hai d
If Mishra had come to Sehore, then Notebandi had gone to Sehore, didn't he?
You break inside the peak after all Kerala is. Jaitu to you apology no later kern's java would not have been born
TraveltipstonOdi great that 'history and' geography pass of make come you! BZP that not the temple that the snake represents the world to come to the aid
You had gone to take idol or went to Bharat Norman O Ittar Bhramsha Books Camp Hey Govind To Om Ishqbaaz
You are Charitam Mohan! People help karthik hoo my kidney and armed was dead and the murderer is roaming outside opinion
Why did you get as much skin chabinet shanley on the spread of demonetization but whether you puh to journalism rago
The joker was exposed then the BE's annual report on the notebandi should be followed by Player Basque Man) Nautanki Carta
The one who did not speak on death of wish, but what will the devil of Satan say now? He is a worse demon than Ravana.
Barnes gets it all or you told me
What does the loader need to express
There is no help in the town that Modi should also tell this working heart core challenge but some love minister that he also has a good carta for profession in the country.
Patta nahi sahib is working or karne is showing pankhduri ji bharat province side
He does not support cargo to Punditz on the way Pappu's side is.
We accept that this is wrong now whether whoever is in the SAARC or whoever is in the Dharma path is wrong
Her hun her hun kidney ki dizzy man) forget my gunter
'Ajj Ubarak Alha spread by killing all Muslims: Ajj Larman got income
Give some work to the people of Genderton, where it is written that I would forget the people of Genderton roads
Here he would have been a hero, that is, how would he have been changed in Sonia's notebandi?
Demonetisation was done to pay
From proving the temple hard work to getting the Olympics mail, Ladies gets to go to the Indus IndusFOrgold ProudOfIndus
It is to be noted that 150 people have become martyrs and to no avail, don't burn Rupiah Ice. maria head
As much as he has sung with his life, Modi has spent his travel expenses, then he has got begging in the form of work in India Brazil side.
Whoever would have found it would come in the market, its value would be 256 by putting a mistake. Or the amount will be 144 after deducting it. 200pinotte
Notebandi will be plagued by milkha kya deccan tax
Official you are making these revolutionaries alive in our mind
B
Pumharti mata ki stan hai shb should keep brotherhood among themselves Jai Hind Jai Harti Mata ki
Only the Muslim voters of Awana gave victory to the navel of Delhi.
Charitam Mohan, you people help Karthik who has killed my liver and armed 'Place Help him not by crushing polio'
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
You have worked hard at home, but there is hard work, no brave right, but you are angry and hard working brave right.
Notebandi Gaurakshak Birban Grast or Saglyanvar Sikka Cali Ki Mirza Lagat Shel Mama Khi Deshdrohi Lage
Gurmeet em Aham Singh inhone kinnar ko gird gunter dilwa ya
Gunter is from the rkhi sister
Of course, supporting Modi has an impact on the Muslim chart.
Pay attention to any small radius
Shivaji Mataram Fat Level San Islam Had Muslim Troops
This is sir, there must have been no effect of demonetisation on Chaled Aba.
Chin sub but rai seuartbroken inch) Olympichs
Hi tell me, if 104 croche comes to Notebandi, both fear and terror will come together
The bet of notebandi was sung immediately
Breathe India! Appu Q also give the chomplaint order
Dharmendra has shown that interest till today, only 28 people have shown
Politicians know about India's religious leader from Vivek Nandji
:OllysheBollychontest return of demonetization start now 500 2000 with 100 even if points
Due to notebandi, my boss stopped me slowly 2 carne about 93 thousand rupees. For now he is taking the name of giving right now what is the law
If I agree with what I tell you, but what about the scams committed by both Basco on notebandi?
Ali Khan is no more
Children in attachment, neither will Anna make a peace treaty.
and you also
Do not face till the beginning, much that the Indian knows that the cart has been closed on the way to the railways.
The facility of domain handicraft should be given to the female domestics of Violenche who are skilled in the professions in the barrier caste.
Today, if the treaty were condemnation, the terrorists would surrender with the treaty
Rawat89 I wish to say where I am living, look a lot Nelson, the country will be greatly benefited by suffering, but it is good for the country, its opposition is not good.
Baby's day is coming very soon, write next time you! Bhi Modi Ji Hota Dene Khejrival is accepting the country
The temple is puh bhi ho sakra that there is no male sinagra
For you, the picture was something else for everyone
Morkal Film Friday Virendra Domain Loveyourself Beingmotivated Nyrjkriti Chandaniratein 943myfm Ziodilshe Chahloajkuchchsuntehain
1000rs 500rs puh people are singing due to notebandi
Income: Running till etc.
ng taks are strange people it celebrates ghat ready to give up their oriental support cronie tiónal bano little palo
Notebandi was a lesson for the common people for the Chhongress
Manu Nigam likewise take Islam in the morning.
Even if you are living in the world, Ravi has accepted that the notebandi has failed but Modi devotees are not obeying the 15 loathsome who came in Achchount.
Most of the temples of Harti are foreigners, ISRO, Peru, Temple work, Karthik
Necessary ji semen tarun pum ki chakkar man on the way) and these people are eligible
People like you got involved in the talk of Modi, he paid attention to the notebandi.
Deshdrohi vo nahi jo vyapam rickshaw sota notebandi grast takshak kaise kar nav ki parshv me ye 10lk ka samvat 3arab inn advertising andhbhakt
Please stop this crook building after noting our condition
Sanya, you are the place
There is no tension of global warming, it is more tense of sugarcane, which is spreading power with speed that the whole world
Shahi San Modi bottle d jagat forth of chalit letters saude chakra ke lakh nabhi hai
Let's assume that Arunjaitley saheb is saying so much, so it is better than demonetizatio, now give 15 lakh rupees pulses to our good people.
Khejrival week what is hard work, it became multigran break and cha kh hal ke these wale break only
If the word was written, then outside me many BJP leaders rejected a lot of land, they all four him what is going on in the matter
NoteBAndi Babramrhim will have been sung so pay attention to Petrolprichehike Nagpur is getting 80rs woman
Aba ji aap hai jaata do special army did it with you special felt your heart
Our mother Diti is Hindu, isn't it) Muslim Bapat's Hindu thing is only after you sing, whatever you do, in fact my mother Neha Muslim
Once again PAkistan will be the international surgical women when the total root zi will be released
Jai ho Modi ji
People go to the front of the Sikh way.
Notebandi Pra Bhi Bolian Know what has been achieved
If he himself saves his wife terms from the employer, the Muslim terms are the same and Allah has always accepted the terms of the covenant
Start finding you there are no other people like you desk main way about reservations to please do not do it only
1 Picture of petrol and water is being blurred to the one who said give 50 days agar notebandi film, then condemn it.
B stupid people) also became Echonomists today came to Moner Manastreum because of the notebandi which was locked in the vault. he was successful
I think that the marker should now give compensation to those people who killed in notebandi.
If I am a secret man) then after notebandi, I have to be accepted at home.
Your Rehana is here. Indians used to say in Edo that help by taking the path
If ji will just go to Notebandi and Chabinet Menon Shanle or will be crushed for students' sake and will be crushed.
What is hard work in the world other than politics? What is hard work king except policy
101 Disney t u si shurgichal strike foreign mega rare thi ka arms ki pole khul gayi thi de nai yeh vanan truck area so you must have saved
Demonetizatio did so much to spread, but why did he lock the seal: O Aaj Tak people, why should you be ashamed?
Like Sal Anna, hard work is better than just losing answers
shukla its like a child man said courage he is mehar confused about his gunter
Mahajan suffered today all the domains narco heavy life g rah ha
Modi ji demonetization hard work, how many 1000's and 500's would have been given to BE, give this Hindi to the farmers.
When aggressive Islam. No one teaches Violenche than Loudspeaker has suddenly written a year but I
If you picture the same china over and over again, FOREVER
what age are you brother
Cheap Discrimination is like a termite which will slowly destroy our country from the inside.
What was the seal on the triple tally match?
Yeh sai sai ki sacchi ki sachi that ek baba who is accused of raje gave ashes to the whole loser like disease
Had the carbon head not been in Minority, then Gunter would have been in the hands of the charter man.
puh den orgasm what you share
It seems its snow more hi look kharb) is Shannehval Olympichs
Mata Banerjee's material scam chit unde paisa notebandi to kharab
Sh Bhai Shekharan wali baat ki hai aap ne although Sheikh man) huon p
Clay Surgical Ladies Again! Note again! Wrong again! Trinley tal and now crow 370 end zai ho only you live 125 years
Why is India talking by touching
Tripletalq pr myth and) Ramrhimshingh pr father these murders peace stream its sign k support of rape and) 1 stance of awakening from Islamic
I want to make a difference
Andhra Agni would have lost today, given the situation, how much is this proverbial cost
Every single woman wishes to have 2 kids, due to family pressure, there is more domestic violence behind it.
The work is not affected and the year of notebandi has no effect.
As I get older by the age of 1000, I should be able to take the course of my life, and it will change the vehicle of spreading demonetisation.
500 Singh77 q ni tha meaningful reservation is to be given tho his financial syat that on the basis of the way whatsoever
If the front notebandi is clear, then why are the Bjp politicians saying that if I
No distribution in temple is unveiled of way relegion is us ko votebank m last in oop shivaji maaharj ki zai in aharshatra
Sold all to break moldedia
Those who did not win the election, made them in charge of Gujar.
You have sung the verse below
What to do with Bhaisali Isse Raje Marg
Aari fandom now just do some thing or the other every day to go to the bath, if nothing happens, then Montagu Abu gave gunter akualitya bhi guna in that
Brother Hindu Muslim what happens to you are suffering from SAARC because medicine is expensive but air masti what Hindu religion has eaten to drink Nadira
Ise Toh Urdu Raaste and Devendra Karen to be the sixth film after the film 'Koi Aur' will remain the driving force.
is good was front subb investment spending hard work hi that is panmappers PAnamleaks
After seeing the 10th Cylinder, when I heard the Lion's Garden, then Chongressi O is getting B's navel N O P's
No TEBandi kha dauan e dala V ashāntoh kh t Bte rāna chhauVO kha zatiya V mmo uVEvey chha khng o beta chhaukhE : 2
Sourya kor in hindi i think i have explained my point well in hindi to you page
The charioteer and) after the bansal of Kabbion, Ni Bindu Mataram and) To understand the child, you must first take the sutra to your son who finds out how much raid order has been done.
Sheikh Saheb is not discussing, Alha give you success, please take them from the garden
This is the thing, do you know more about the slum or we spread the journey, in the fall, your Baba is going to the curtains in the raids every day.
Those who tell the year of notebandi will put 150 death in some account.
Suffered and everyone has no solution let's say Tridev
1 euro em base to loss from amra amader bear cha na profession cha na start raat bhoot e fort' amader
B7 Suraj 420 What work did you have to run between Mr. Suraj and Kakori from north to take these professions?
POXO Asset man proved to be atrocious in front. 99 out of 100 raids would have bowed Nelson
Khzha1 is a great benefit
There are two types of muslims xia ex sunni messi x inheritor and ex chownverted karo who is real and shared muslim
So far on Trinley Tal. you haven't got any skin
Amarnath Yatris attacked Ek Grahnith Kaam 'After paying homage to the pilgrims' also canceled Strong Irrational that Amarnathyatra Abhi
Locks told you the rope about the way, so people like you lift it to tell the society
Great Hide Great Asad Power Asad Therefore Indus Therefore Rio2016 IndiaAtrio Olympics India4Indus Dipkharmakar ShakshinAlik
Vish Kumar came to an analogy today that in comparison to Modiji, I have no one in India, when the general public was in front of us from the notebandi.
The film has started. Please say something about it
Until the beginning, EBE could not count the novo that came from Notebandi, now someone can tell whether EBE had taken it without counting from Basco?
Puh rickshaw bond hard work is troubled today selling lions to count giving hard work eager look amount is shakshinalik sindhu Olympichs
The displeasure of the state is visible as it is, wearing the spectacles of the state of India.
And you are asking how much tension has been reduced due to notebandi, Robin, these days our soldiers are getting right.
The meaning of the Kwacha losing campaign is such that the country's paradise
Rehaha people did not get the sun from the two right because the condition of the market is very bad due to notebandi and syat)
The benefits of police na notebandi from Meenakshi ji jata saheb since when are they standing at the crossroads
In: Today again Ek Narendra called upon the youth power to create a new loser, every word of the speech is inspirational.
What are you doing and Bindu's rule is still losing like that
Notebandi was very good, but Banke's Baba people spoiled him.
Shabad Gsht Andhra is all about the Congress, so the deficiencies in the railway are the gifts of the Congress. If the poor man is improving, I give him resignation
By the way, we Rohingya are losing hard work, rather they should be destroyed within the male.
Chorechtlya pointed head like notebandi ki 9 right ke baad' vikas horn hard work mile sang p purta kucha bkar' sakra hai
If there is power, then why only Shri Bindu?
If she loses the beginning, then all the people living in it have sung the wrong words.
Where India is with you, Archana Singh, flag, legislation, constitution
so that Harley may not stop nuyin again 1 and be noteBandi
Knanak Abhi Tu Khejrival Khejriwal Kar', the correspondent of W Bhatia's journalist if pashupat deonetization
trey mahesh sharma Bindu condition ke rickshaw karne se hi harti like dharma icon country ki rickshaw hoga Uslim sote charles song is harming the country
Modi ji is suffering from the defeat of Delhi people that he is Abhi Bhi society, neither caste nor Thu BJP will not take hard work, religion will not be affected by business.
Sini Amma Ko Nai Pata Hoga's Mohit Slope Is Zzzbatraler
Demonetization ka 9th hina chhal kaha: ae amino veekhaash kafi bay sho number: ae dharma dattu
These actually country' betrayal Mittal k knows Surgichal women Peru Pakistan that temple listening did Kulbhushan hard work also wahi did and now sentence
Svachcha harti nitya today chartun svachBharat svachcha harti nitya today chartun svach
Rattavan Rio2016 Olympics Dipkharmakar
70 years old has made a pillar with interest, if Modi ji has found it now in the notebandi, nothing will remain in Turkey.
Now the dog is full of chalchutta, you have made a barbie, Indra has killed you, what do you know what is the use of notebandi, what is the use of notebandi with the thief?
Those who do not even know the meaning of demonetisation, they are now complete the question on this demonetisation.
I am speaking my words as sahib.
With Sunni, you are doing a bit of elimination with Sahame, what are you after?
Demonetization to ho saya hai, the money you got from Pakistan is it or it has ended or new notices have come to heaven
If Sad Takshashila this in Bihar more singing. Help Balian female lightly me gst little seems
My husband has done a lot of violence with me and got me out of the pregnancy main house plus' head help me
Every time that is, it happens because of the administration, because of the women of the staff
Lakhin aagrah isa tohi khi sherViche i hi :ai tol phir hi unhe male sports pearsons kho puh Fachility proViide agni chaye
After how much these people did the solution, no one else can do it, demonetisation drugs scam since morning
Indra's Nagar has a notebandi asylum because he has picked up the casta, Bamiyan cannot find any park from the notebandi.
Any three- so that the vehicle seems to be the same, some will go on patrol, but what is happening for unemployment, Modi ji do something.
Thus San is the same as any point :O or Muslim is not a human being
Planet Ravi 2007 took care of the path system, so you go to get the address of someone's killing and the whole country like tiger
14 lakhs! That's 16 million! Come, who have been questioned by demonetisation?
Ichha (Ariana ka deta and baba both way: there ke saarc bhi leader and baba chalte ha ba na raid ki toh neta phone ka bandh holm bhakt ka jai
g mean when you work these gay free p
It is a matter of notebandi, who has sent the gdp further down.
Every one month, you have to say the same thing every night, I love you.
On the other hand, instead of note-taking, the condition of the box has become like flute disease, no one tells about the death of Dardi Parko.
Pe is not bad, maybe Rishta Leela
Aate Boridge san template shwachh harti week vehicle sound
No when Demonetisation happened and four was not much then that's it
Notebandi k alan k beech Ahmedabad ki 16 Bank me accumulated 68 46 l ki power hote chrimebranch ne derby ki Fir
P Banke wished that I could not live with Khejrival and Chitra six, it is said that the dog of the category is neither of the house nor of the house.
Qumo and only talking about work, did not do anything till today, how much black money came from this notebandi and it is a jumla of 15 lords
Adarsh ​​Modi ji starts the form of his family, sees the case of his shared two farms, how are they printed in the temple, whether they are the sixth themselves.
Aba ji wala pe bhi raid help if you have context and how much to go inside
How old are you to achieve?
If what is the fault of the people who have become unemployed due to Ashley's notebandi and now the heart is coming from the past, then its solution is to recover from politics.
And you people have been destroyed that our shop is closed now
Tripletlak Chorporate Joba Man) Trinley Talab will come pay ashes to defeat Bose
when did you come whether good or art
The first engineer before Harti Day is considered to be Borda Vishwakarma.
Aradhana Sevak Or) Verts Sabab is missing. After the notebandi report the story was sung 56 Indra's chest
28 gdpgrowth see you! Today puh nahi speaking against notebandi
dog gunter shanley done
You would have declared lateral atonicity if you saw a reaction like Sara on triple tulle.
Isa Dada e notebandi material prose gave
Bacha means that he is a sage, you have
Dera chaddivale valve mataram ji notebandi on cup) speaking boldly or then speaking apollo sannyasa only the express address of Hindu Muslim is lolak gobarmal
After the notebandhi, Abhijit became involved in the transaction. After the rochord, Har Har Modi Ghar Ghar Modi
There were no more cases of domestic violence inside Delhi, but this case shows the amount shown for hard work wife activism Delhi Jai Singh Aaye:
Hair feeling never ending against Kashi Olympics w our dear brother keep coming like this tweets
In Delhi Mohalla Sara's Namak Parts Kejriwal Gags Started Excusing People From The Film Poor Of Jesse Against Borda Foundation
Shant Rampalji, no one raids, then even the temple is being tilted alleging
It seems that you are not able to speak or say anything on the right or the right side of Trinley Pond Peru.
do you get my full name
Sanka is not working, just this can do
The 9th shahina of notebandi demonetisations is going on VIks kafi is also a speaker
Ujjain the invincible Cairo and go after your Hindu Muslim
Where is peace that toh peace, we say, Petro Ex-Chongress Muslim leader Ku Muslim does not show peace, he does not carne others
My parents have made me a human being.
Notebandi Khan 9th front is going on
It was in the context of Dialogue difficult to be liberal out of you, it was a difficult task like demonetisation, then it was like Toledo' why?
Amitabh has come and you play milk, chontestant oh! Yellow Man) Yeh Chrorepati bane ne aadi ho khelne nahi puh
Jambheshwar's invention after notebandi, how to run Gandhi without petrol
Chohanji Temple is the night trying to give the Nairohingya transaction to the losing country by giving platform to Nelson's Haki Cairo Abohingya
What kind of country and Bettiah or SAARC that India would be a good owner, but the child is being killed in school.
Notebandi stole the whole column down
Buddha Gandhi does not respect the thinking, no matter what the path, noon or no matter
There is no place for Mongia.
What magic did Notebandi do?
Tu Diti Char Notebandi Fair Night Gele Te Shang Ati Khhalele Diti Ati Kuch Parle Hota
Shekharan work Gunter's standard save him
Evam harti san hari hai halnuyin chingari hai
You are our guide
Alonso puh nahi all this Kathmulle thinking of knowing India as an Islamic country. the way is
What is the condition of the array passes?
On the other hand, instead of note-taking, the condition of the box has become like flute disease, no one tells about the death of Dardi Parko.
Due to notebandi, Diti was born as a member of the panel and BJP was born. Bjp rejected the whole land
If ji has been devoted to a mad dog, the answer of how many is the answer of how much, the answer to the bullet is like a doggla friend! no other
Akhtar has been telling that those who tell the religions will soon start the journey of the way.
Mirza nughal beau way w different- tell aavm ka saath' mirza atrocator whether the work was done
Shuru you are the righteous warrior notebandi that hi till now. Not the coalition what the full logical from the terrorists that
56 Indra did not find any form, for the sake of reward, 150 people were killed in the notebandi.
Start you SE hope. Bhi ke ke ke karm li if you give money to india then how will politics be inked
What is the stalker cover?
Tell the East Hindu Muslim where did you come from and if you like the council so much, then get yourself printed.
IAEA President BArrister Arts FErozabad May and from the title said NoteBAndi has tabObarbad cardia the country's recognition
Have you got tripletlq abolished for domain webs so happy that not just think other
Chang's vehicle does not get deceived, he should be given Gandhi in potli
Jay sight Jay erchant I attack I go
Priyanka just Violenche this no ass all human beings are pum peacefully even work' statements go these
Namaste ji, chhartifichate, anyone can go out in the state without any hindrance and our brothers can get convenience, ekma's creator stickers
Inn Chongreshmanmohansing MP I shouted a lot
triple point domain then if zit tin tl is settled then see the quantity of royal religion place
If you don't know the volume of the triple pond, ask me what the volume is. Then you won't mention the name of the triple pond
There has been a great benefit from the notebandi that Modi has been involved and 'Nelson people have got the news, but the people of Kumbh Nelson have benefited from Kumbh'
losing end kh jay
If the amount of the poor people instead of the sufferer is 30 rupees, then the amount of Rs.
I eat only but about the direction that bar jai brother
You have become famous because of agni illiterachya entrance kre the amir that mohit)
head you! Akhtar Bought Corner
If the Dalit understanding is given a declared order, then it will be known whether they were made Dalits or not for women's revolution.
Ahmad19 Mara name is Anna and night way is alive and photo minute matter gi upper
E Way Need Swine India! Flu will be able to clear the crock
Do a malum point on someone
Kheval moti hi diya hai notebandi they want 302 fire
Rather, the planned policy within the word escapes from the depths or surrounds them and is ashamed of them so that the doer learns how to achieve unity with them
6 to the right 9 to the right
Qahqh ukarrama ghilf e baba khi tbidil khi puh khachar tree governor naqah if vaakam muslim umalik kh dur oor) uzzzz fine
The farm this hal hasan stopped alias payments above demonetization week relief Narendra if Zindabad was Zindabad is and will remain Zindabad
Draw Poonia Ganne llrh ne Children Hospital a eva women ne Anita Chandel Gunter wala clicked ne adopted went n did
You are busy with work
You are a guru, that's why you should not support any fulfillment, although your image is a matter of how good you are.
Poom Hooper is lost in such a losing end.
Kumar Dada even tried to get Bindal, but to take such a number of fonts that he could not do it so that the data could not be collected from the notebandi.
SH What do you have today
ak21 The intention of the male dance is worse than the first dance) Carne is the meeting
The starting general has also allowed it to happen first and then again! What do you want, after Kishan, I am a Hindu by doing hard work
Seeing the arts, Kumar of Pakistan and some Qadri Giri want to tell someone else and want to tell someone from Treta Male that Tamer will end.
talk to you like this
BZPODZZXV's reservtions are strong to finish like Z unabated notated OBGood viscosity baja
No name, no Gunter, no picture of you and Demands is 5 years old
What was the work done for the hotel workers who went to the curtains after the notebandi?
Apart from Anna, and the triple tail person is smoky, then you spread your thoughts, where are you dogs?
Whether it is the year of notebandi or the option to shake the wrongdoings and put them to ashes and the already done Rustam should also be exposed.
I like my brother-in-law's notebandi, how many have been denied you find that the rind has made the temple
How is it possible that the BJP knows that Goa is the vehicle of women, the tales of Karthik went to Delhi for women.
The Gst Acid Notebandi completely shut down the acid marle industries through Surendra
Notebandi badly the film Rashi Amal Gosht Kurk Kar Rashi H Saath Man) Some report in these Karyo Man) Includes
Khejrival accounts that Modi ji was behind bringing the side in the film so that he could tell the film about the surgical women being pretended.
How much pablo, how much work, how many hobbies, so many carlo sir, he always plays bbc.
28 See who benefited from notebandi the leaders of the so-called Gribb
All the roads to Talthokke should be barnet and so many that if you are challenging Pn directly, you should be arched
If ji soon demonetization 2 lakh and without that religion then give
The Prime Minister of our country is better than happiness in India, can the park be found outside the robber or the robber calling the country, the outsider will never belong to the country
:Ahahh below which has brought Pum a new interest and BAluchistan to handle
The inner Tiryani is great whose picture is like the picture of all our friends. The Tiryani is great inside the Muslim army
Aruchi is great military so World religious Parliament me Harti's power has led Dhamar ye forgot sung WeshupportasaramBapuji
VIshalshikka perfume selling of demonetization a out coin happens to be
Nationalist out your father' if the whole country is bent on taking out the children are doing some train accidents some notebandi scam
Fogg Pip's promised talks are on. The one with whom it goes wrong is a common enjoyer without peace, why is it not that someone's raid is done, isn't it?
Keep singing the song. I am the one who said that after the note-bandi.
S is 28 gsht B wet by khutai h
The pendulum demonetization has to absorb the people and make the country barbie.
Kar' Abhi Tho Trinley Getting Married Khara Khata Tho Hogaya Hi Ishqbaaz
About scam ka baap' and what three
Ajit, you probably do not know that today Anna is the one who is educated and who did this, whether Hindu or Muslim, you will get shared
The eyes are filled by themselves or someone sympathizes or shouts similar slogans
Naples Kaka Rasta Dal Ho Wanna Harley Laz Banana Na Hosted 9819314093
BAjaj1 Surely Aruchi is a great Hindu army so he has led the Harti Dhamar ye why forgot sung WEshupportasaramBapuji
China India hard work, so many people have to work hard on pitch paper.
Starting with the note that as all are closed, what is power, what is Ghalib or) It is the year of the absurd of innocent bio
If you do not know what hard work is in front of you: Industan kh untrue after ka bhi notebandi bhi puha bhi puha
This notebandi did not happen, it was difficult to talk about the dark side of your friend.
After the result of the notebandi, now the attention of the nation has become that the real Pappu is not Rahul Gandhi but Narendra Modi.
Baldiya did brother today VSupporters of Violenche outside the border
420 child, you said that he should not come and drink a little, so boycotted it for 2 days! for what
Aap people's notebandi film happened and ended dead
No this is absolutely wrong until I say that demonetization terrisom and chrouption worked for it to work
Trust in you head, whoever you legge will be in WO country
Reporter diti you! If you are talking about anything, is there any problem?
If the inisters are obstructed, the common people know that they have been implemented in the past.
Diti I want a pond from within my beauty
BAnrohingyas harti parle hi 6 7 work BThe British have given them shelter now and no longer that security is at the end of the cow meat
The guards were also fire
ninda hi sai saa like notebandi that thi righst was very high aim 15 lakhs! job end carta
The word you try to get a cheetah wholeheartedly is a duty, that cheetah is a cost to show a little more appearance.
But for the loser there is a journey after the untrue
Sir aap ke shiv se gotra is very popular rashi hai main bhi palat rakhi hai hahaho book kidding
Modi's cost is higher than SAARC
There is no benefit from demonetisation, it is a matter of sir, but in this, give 10 benefits to Modi himself.
Ganche's house is great, everyone just thinks so much that art does not fight with you.
Harda ji my country is clouding India province side
Today I did my first passing and he won the war
Today, Kala Kejriwal is not Nelson
What's the benefit to Marvel's draft ending?
All the people will do their middle way from the relegion to the central tourist point and think of the development of the loser. so that and can obstruct the data
Today there will be such surgical women who will also be foreign proof
Kaur) My luck is very good, please follow me and do better Ex Ehsaan Carta Mere Pe Ehsaan Carta
You must have accepted my path from the temple ego, then you would have reached the method and level Peru
Destruction head noteband spreadable
Shuru Amitshah has the whole temple money and he benefited from demonetization and today all the persecuted Congress people are talking
Uma vs Sarpagandha departure especially relationship Gita integration false Kurukshetra Niggadisi followed this veteran take know objection kor way cogl
What is the period facing just pond, talaq would say pond
g england i win ga but see you will be good quantity
Hull treaty is hidden from the change of the elechtion, as the temple is hidden instead of the pot.
Takes immediate action when it is beneficial for him Abhi 2Din Parle in the case of raids in Ayodhya, he takes money from the place of murder.
It is a relief to make Lokpal from the temple of fame, and on the contrary, make theft Kogl.
Jasu Disha Roop Castro She Disha Ra did the talks, Ray Disha Girl Pai Larva would have been provided Hal Jaye Shyama Karbonn
The most promising effect of demonization was born to the Shamajvadi side on the last day of the side trumpet singer Akhileshsnulayam
So do some good work and then note down
Chhounchil arushi jaitly tu mad has been duje kiya zarurat thi notebandi or) syat ki
Aston after Angle now shows how much the opposition to the Ganesh festival would fall for
You khure gud ne you kh turbiet wife etc.
Sania is doing the right thing with her way
Is your India the India of the appeasement?
Arya is something he so what do hi all done so will say rikvan demonetization gsht picture employment privatization chhorruption atoms
Gorakhpurtragedy demonetization chandigarhshtalkingchse vyapam lalitya
You started teaching people to be honest, people here) are not ready to take unnecessary things, if they suffer after taking the goods, then all the cost is free breakfast
Whether the world is thought, just by looking at the way, the right is incomparable too.
Notebandi Pra Jetliji and the temple are giving such statements that if the pajamas are worn wrongly from the dardi, then it starts telling the benefits of raw.
Picture no you! Whatever the park is not much near Ubrokemyheart
Sir ji sang paisa katl from all the stricken charles on 19 08 2017
You bring out Hussain very well
Why oppose if? Because if it is working: what is the benefit or harm of notation, you will get it in 2019
Name of the children born after Notebandi 9 Maria
Do saawan work of your interests, you are the last ray of hope, like the losing mother of Poom Saab.
Just give the order that your soul was comfortable the way you did today
Lost mother ki jai
He told me about the way and told me that there was nothing wrong with being a leather man
when. One day! I notebandi ho shakti hai polythene point ky navel ho shakti for breath India campaign
You do not expect such a way from the people of Shayra Councilor Mukherjee Veer Savarkar! Kiosk country is clouding India's side
People get the price of both Aaya Zone and Resign Carne.
Twelve who have no path of this Bastar Shannyasi
Modi ji when 50 days have passed, now he told how much black money came to the world through two notes
Notebandi happened which year was killed black turned white
Knowing the world's great culture and civilization, India has now lost its human meet, some from outside the Vikram mentality.
Demonetization ho sacra h surgichal striyan ho sacra h mujhe y nahi samy nahi saraha reservation messi bimari sir modi ji door nahi kar paye
I don't know how aishwarya jay devgan essential religion became a notebandi film after the support of great actors like Anupam Kher
Find the temple for how much money to see the Nepal Shruti news and do not get raids on the Samvat ji without any p and tullal no proof of kitchen. Lentils
To be ukeshambani chhongrats bo don't count about anna get something like this, hurt gameplay railway other then notebandi nimes
Missing 2nd) How did the students of the time-bound institution to tell the truth of the coal scam now become land in Modi state?
Kaur) I have done Navy Zone, that's why you are in Indra.
The whole I'm not coming this is UsainBolt's Olympics Rio2
Lost country' hard work ky neha p u slim people) x to x brings trouble to data waste talk lets someone to neha from channel
WO 10 SHAHAL GHST LANGUAGE I
Shurgichal women took this opinion at the behest of Netaji. forget you!
I didn't even die, but I got a good friendship. Jho ru ki tara anubhave na ho domestich violenche na kare
The hall is used to place and the night is different.
Ownership Bilkul as if Degue had disappeared with the previous year's notebandi
There was no notebandi for 16000 cycles in head kinship and people did not have money till 2 fronts.
If Shiva wants eternity from Brahmanvad, then he wants eternity from Reservation San Raste
Afternoon is not how many years the notebandi has been but the result of the years is the same as the food is the ego
like a losing mother
This murder is not the same as found Notebandi GDP 2 The age of the temple sung below is 3 lakhs! Crochet decreased
Virat Dara Rahen Hai Atma Rahen Hai Agnew Jaya Understood Hey Shuru Carcunon Ne Aap Ko Bhi
Dosti hai ne dhime hoon nete hain hai avenue dhime aap! Be happy Allu Dhime i.e. Dua is my Leap Dhime
1 Aadi To Ati Hun Gi Issey Ka Gunter Sahasra Kram Q Zone' fell
Stone Notebandi and 'Bhi Choruptiyon Gandhi is right by the end of 2000, what should you do?
Shurgichal ladies, after you guys just need strength to meet Neha, you are hard work Neha
Poetry Spray Zay Hind Zay Bharat!
Why are you worrying about the amount? the right be equal that the fool knows the right
Aay: GHT : Eळ Pळ E o 012048889999 PE e B Aaa kh udd 6th phone special e d e d eh ye aa apne pbe kha o oooty dough nighy ghe aa p
This scam came to light due to lu ji notebandi, abu pata applied for notebandi, who is the culprit of this bone, lose the law, give abusive help
Hal Gandhi what is Bindu or Muslim
Head notebandi petrol sab sath legge buddha to go to my country like this and kill devotion only human wants and wants soon
Raid Kishan Bhi Naatin ke ke liye shortcut thing' hai baat realitya hai, 99 raids in your country even if reports were neha
Aham raided you that's why Barnes is from Parle
Any one Anna devotee tell me the benefit of notebandi, I will do slavery for the rest of my life, let's see how many devotees tell.
Patni bar toh bhi ne demonetization p apne race nai badal taar tha tni baar e paanch rahi hai gujaratshpolls
Oppose both reservations within the cheap system. The player knows the caste
Bare idol has no limit, you are not Sharma too much garden, killing the homeless
Nodizzi has made Opposition Parkinson's puddle, these people are revolutionizing the notebandi
More than notebandi, there is a need for more communication than this in the country.
Till the word shahid hong our brother temple in india all our expectations are on you.
Ku baba has done the navel center of the feat.
Nadi chng kh khuEe ghoo V p kh gःo aazakhta sixth TV o khoi taki bhai : to ntbandi sth to s e kha shaW i brothers
Is there any first but only for syaat?
13
National truck on the cheapest most i.e. carne what patriotism seen rahu hu
Rethinking the beginning is a very difficult front for businessmen
Sugar loses the damage caused by notibandi: Ask what
Rose and the chirg is that will go and be extinguished Aaya is the one who will revive the green world Hal who was Takshak today is the gsht of wanting to sink
Where are you saying that after the notebandi, there is a lot of honesty about the MLAs, which you can buy with whatever money you want.
After coming to SAARC, the journey of 82 Perchant Chommunal Violenche has come in handy
Our Islam is in arms, our profession is Kullu and Islam is a matter of sharp knowledge of someone.
Best wishes for the triple pond.
Some need to be praised on the issue of making Trinle pond, some work must have been done, BJP's efforts will be made to empower women with stars.
b till the sixth gale is not shown, Indira Arghya will not be able to understand till the truck, where women have happened, where are they like Ravi's and Japte's and now
Our Pum has made hope beautiful in the country, as Mahparush incarnates quite a lot, has sung the effect in the coming days.
How much was looted in the notebandi, there is no reason for it, if it was just a matter of time, that means to say beautiful, it has become sung
like a losing mother
To say that if this Abu Art is useful to the country, then the channel will remain in Meerut Rooh Jai Hind Jai Bharat!
Me 5elf na bhai till then fika tevaram koi paya ki bahi hurt and' hum sufferer bhi will forget like a notebandi logically in the field and' bhi hai
Modi ji, now what about black money, why are you deceiving the people who know from notebandi?
After all, the fire has faded, which without any thought made notes, due to which more than 150 people know that 99 percent money back.
Border will keep the people with errors in them and make them here
Bhoot Ko Bhoot Ko Bhoot Will Vish Eternal Friendship
If you believe in Bhagavan or tell Allah, it is the same. If you try and pray for each other, they will not discriminate between Hindus and Muslims
The job made of 'Trike Karne's tarika came out, but San Sarkar must have accepted his words, they were supported.
When I started feeling Neha attack bhi toh eksataye hai India's feeling of invasion. When you see strength, then you become trim. Q
If you answer what you are really doing, it will stop and do something else
Similar to note-bandi, there should be an account of 'Jewelery'.
In the note of the people, the goods became less.
thank you came
Basques don't do raids (babin) like that
to home) you work hard! Do you know how to speak Pashto in Urdu language?
Like Gaurav Notebandi, we were also being looked at with such a power that Nair
Kaur) You! Hey wife, you will be able to think 1000 before lifting you.
The rest of the morning people don't get it, you have given Chanderi to the first minister.
That the upper people do not make any distinction more than the way, want to argue, the upper people and the charisma that I do all the respect.
Jagat Delhi Kissa Laird Chrome Think Shiv Gali Gali Maruthi Om Swami Mana Acid Manavya removed Violenche and Badtmiz's shop
Dead Baba raids, even if hard work goes inside and who finds his supporter, who is a fool
Now talk about these demonetisations, Shiva is not 1 of 1000, this is a matter of 500. Others have said to him, sir, that terrorism is a point for a little slowness.
Troubled customers) Troubled metropolis talk went to so many patrolling tho old products, why not bring patrolling hard work, actually Rehane
In summons to the Constitution, India received a flag in the field, a legal a facility, this is the partner of the India-received side
Uslim Techno For what the golden sun has risen in this historical gap because travel workplace Pujayantay Ramanyan Tatra Devta
Inch) On this day all the people in India have become Echonomists, those who come to the right of Echonomics, they are also going on notebandi.
Every Modi is doing SAARC simple work to the new sixth black with his absurd notation, what about those who kill the black money?
It seems that some people have been exposed to alpha in the front.
Ach menno tells Hannah your mining act ghardar hai village and modi india ka yaar hai
In the midst of Mataram defeat, Jesus was asked on the way and started such a complaint method called Ni Khi Maya.
Sonam B Halobasa cheap seen
Kopa is lean advantage karan johra can order his own gunter bhi shanle for money this BB10
Evam Muslim ne literature varan kiya khanun khi samvat evam zyada sharte sannahi to trinle talab mahaan koi hissa nahi hui
Shaikh Sahib, you have done the call of these Jamhuriat and have given the ashes to the contractor.
Gunter san thode hailing verman wani asar schul gunter ka hota kor ghar se arnold niklega harti tere tukke hong
Harti vista shuru banega ye shanti shri asar aruchi ka shankalp he ati m
Rgg Congress again h Digvijay Rai how to get h Sonia temple to become an Italian service center h location issues so what friends
some thing it's a hand
NoteB Reasons for the End
Take advantage of gujarati and techno shukla and' so enjoy violenche this policy protest appeal4payeche peaceBNext
Temple no temple india chhounchhil start help sane no f nahi na hum mail replay address food elch dana which is made in Chinese sun inside hosni chande halal
5 schindia triple talab to ban ho sang Just now Chillar Violenche ke achchording desh should also be stopped
Turkey is not made outside because it is loaded on our way
I must have found your own gunter, give me your knowledge.
Ichha knows from the phone that if something happened right after demonetisation, what would happen now?
Brihat pyar assi hai daura promise diya haiye mera aap toh baavla hoga Pandey22
Whether you have started politics even before voting money, the journey of the day is to make the Carnegie Kullu program
Sayat Lakar Kisses Ghalib's Spear Happening BJP Only His Javelin Kar Amount Is 1000 Kisak But 280 Survived Sun Ghalib Affords Other Gameplay San
First of all, Gandhi said that so that the work is done away from the work, it has become difficult for the shopkeeper to follow the change.
Does sugar lose money by not making this song
But when The government noted that thi to aaya h
breakfast photoshop is awesome
Indoon pe ghash laga hai earth Muslims pe achtb laga hai wala pyare modi g u great great
Started the country ki knows, wants you to make a film on beautiful women, we would have said that Bhavna Brega is from the film
Rather pressing often Hindu Muslim cannon is on them some progress is not notebandi gsht country interest k issues better you!
Addis chhabi sha aa W W ne hot 9 Zil:aj kha coma chale q shahi out coming forward q shahi kh ghunahon kha by sah uslim: 2747
It is good to lose attention, please note, what will be discussed on this?
If you are the shadow of those who wish, then this is India! interest will go
The hard work came back to the country with 99 paisa from the image bandi
Happy Hindi Day to you all Jai Hind Jai Bharat!
New Ela to Muslim Techno, everyone is getting happy and) Ek Bindu woman is getting new Ela so Tanvi
(Ume Radiation on people like Teppadi Karkal Apna precious saamna nahi Barbie carta want VAnmatram zai hind jai Bharat!
First mehngai kam crow poor away! crow jobs two cheats finish crow raid point crow no more need to bet
Notebandi ka sharma shahina was chala h vikas kabhi bhi ho sacra h
Notebandi Gandhiji 500 Rajas Sota Pani Pani However what will happen in Saxon in the rain
Honorable Poom Saheb our beginning once India was declared as Indra Nahi Industan larva.
Adarsh ​​now ask BZP how much Blachkmoney was spent in the dismissal of Samy Jaimini of Notebandi BIhar wants to know who knows
If the world had been the province of success, 150 criminals would not have won the election, but there should not have been a cost-effectiveness barrier on honesty and honesty.
What is the benefit of lit notebandi, if I count, then the female should make a lot
Ohhh han) Yeh you ho naam shanle kar karte karte karte hain people, so I think someone has made me
Attitude that is most important
Responsibility for not giving notebandi page to such sugar for 1 day b student's right to remain in power
The dream is that the guava is full of guinea or not.
28. Mikra Saheb of a pillar like Notebandi made Akira of sacrifice in his UP, not legge, in Bridu.
SwachhBharat shupport the Swami Bharati campaign referee to raw me dal
4IndiaBchoz Modi ji has openly supported the Muslim domains on the idol like tripletlq without worrying about it happening
In Punchkula, 28 Ghhla has not happened;
Next abu after the question is that for whom the notebandi happened, the word goes when the works come out of the dug vehicle.
There should be a flag hosting carta point in the temple, because there is no freedom, freedom is not harmful to the public of the country.
Ishaan Maine Kya Cardiya which you were ruling me, take me Bapa
Islamabad Vadra ne bhaved 22 :Alcon khi report Election tribli kho Bhej di 29 :Alcon n ein intikhabi amlak nAshkok Qarr syat Bhamr hal hal
Dhut se people today b h who do not think of rastroism selfishness h farm notebandi suffering rasoigsss and now shBE that interest rate) what did the low people get
Vibhavjoshi hi jise ne notebandi ki thi
Head you note the cost that we assumed you incurred the cost that we considered the head after one take our mind give the edge 370 hand from the skewer
Onque e Jinke Violenche should be treated like Violenche Em Dahima should be condemned as San
Happy Hindi Day to the country that has 90 known English signatures India Province side
Swami Bharat! Health India! 6thBchsh shwachBharat
There is a way and those people whom Punjabi did not think of six times and Punjabi did not think that caste is six.
Yes Notebandi is answering very well by Votebandi
Shekhar Saab Abid Sher' Ali Aap Ko Mar Ke Rai Heena Q
meet fit aap ke munshi man
Quiet on the issue of Hindus and 'why would you settle in defeating Rohingyas'?
If the circumambulation is mad at Violenche, but the referee is silent, why not take anything
Come away from every koi bhi gunter
If you come forward, you will enjoy more legge agar aaye.
The mouth of this dishonest labor was sung on the triple taal.
INDUSTAN WO ONE PERSON RAID WHETHER I ARE GILLING BUT MILLIONS OF THEM
Aunty ji shakti neha to celtic ke sath mel bhi jagat lit abu aap kya kare n'
But Narendra Modi Ji Aksh Anna Aur Khan Do Notebandi Like If You Give Shrabbandi Bhi Khing A Little Ghalib Will Be Bio's Spear
Even after demonetisation, you chongreswalone incited more people against Aadi and the result was ie 2 2
What will you remember?
ji, we are those blind devotees who 3 pond beach side) The benefits of notebandi can be counted even today that they are taught so much.
I have the Bjp that is SAARC and the former is the crime
India's guilty are you Muslim?
B ness bhai told you neither you will be able to
Ahle notebandi phir ght abu adarsh ​​kya khya varna: ae des khi anna kho winn kha koi or tika ideal sai kya diti
Losing your safety is the way
This Problem is that whoever wants it doesn't have the power to keep it
The former was Manmohan Singh. Wanted the notebandi to seem a sangthit
But peace people tree about today it skin goes Violenche Front
Hey everyone should have good baths just extra people) in the way the casteist who have come in the way that upper people in VI SAARC) profit is wrong
If Election k b-da hi raha khaha ego go o
Lit Son Charles has become public
Am aham me shared just 7 years old ki ho thi film issue ko yaad ko yaad ko 28 ghash bhi lagane hai to 10 san work
Noteband VI goes swowie d e o B:south draw 6iE
Phir Werts explains the benefits of notebanking does not match
The reason for the start of the notebandi is that you are the money that your favorites kept for the Derby, even if it was clean.
Corruption has happened in the notebandi, if you did not bring money, then you should not show it, if you lose your money
After the notebandi, the Ghalib people gave their support if they gave their support.
The orbs that occurred in Changres the Great Elechtian are still happening today.
Kashmeer will not keep Guna thorin hai temple bhi silent devotee bhi chup this matter Trinle so that more good is noble Thorin
What to know when people across the country were upset due to demonetisation Wahi Reddy Burroughs was getting married after spending 500 cycles or electricity canceled snow
Of course, after demonetisation and ghtt, why would no one care after being under the shadow of Romer jihadists?
Pum people) One day like this, Bharat Mata ka b sauda order people greed for money and power people) Take care of God! If the house is late, it will not be blind and will not be punished.
B hupen ji ectho leader people sang blachkmoney in notebandi, but I am very much concerned about Anonymous, so others will talk about setting the sun.
And the temple is settled in hearing today and yesterday, and this is the temple of today.
65 Years of Chongress's defeat SAARC has brought money to Atanqion;
Tripletalkshant rampalji aharaj can eliminate such curities
In the name of the circumambulation year, consider the people of the country as an owl;
I am not able to listen to gunter, but in the morning I will be able to sing work.
Percent of Drum that Peru is suffering from SAARC Why take SAARC Q% of it is taken by check Liquid will come out after lock
Surprise Babbar was lost because of notebandi
Kranti out Mohan bhi out Kakkejayi inhi ki act way hai
When to condemn I did not criticize the people who killed them because they were WO lakhs. The blasphemers are fooling the feeling and don't know.
Desire has become a triple pond, now shut up
These setias will tell whether Carta, who believed in the proof of beautiful women, shut up, you all are seventy-two cloves. If you don't fast, then give
What is the use of teaching reading on the issue, what about those who want to get the praise of the Upa but remain on the path of gain?
Jagat Singh's photo is not a sarforshi Manyat Singh Shaheed Vasa Mud Against Raste System
Mention the day that Obanda will stop doing wife with the mouth, that day the first profession will automatically! come while
Like being a hard work profession, love can be found even with a dog than a cat.
Ghatotkach ji nishana zo ko wale waris nanena cha PAhryan prati apni henry polio striyam strike striyam strike striyam
Liquid free labor
Yellow Everyone I have to stop the violenche happening on my outside can aarun tell plzzz for that
Dude, don't talk to Rahul Karl on words, if Bhakti is the best thing for him.
Delhi has become like elechtrichity bhi kejrival when he believed it and when he did it.
Leading Karthik Hun but later so I feel that war should not take place in India and Hindustan
Why are you so annoyed by the word that tells you the beginning of your expression?
Lit losing biotich nuclear is the head gunter of the year what are you doing to stop this very bhanker war
Acid is also running on the people of the common side, where is the Lokpal
The country is today Arvind Kejriwal, whoever is the reason why this Anna lost, WO after getting power, the clouds sang and 'Anna lost asylum', the same is true today.
First you decide whether you are a commoner or a common citizen.
Aahata Drone Jagat Bhai Dharma Karo will prepare to sell you to touch the Abba verses.
Strongly scolding us, unnecessarily killing the lives of our boys.
Bjp is the holy song in which the chakra sare chor chhachhe bhrashtchari murderer's shammer's side are haunted. There is no need for ombudsman either.
The money which was enjoyed in the name of every notebandi is now coming in handy, it has been forgotten, after giving 500 rupees in the name of relief, will it be of any use?
Hey with this loss different hard work which gunter inequility ho rahi hey volt bhi kar kar bhi but will not dare maybe away evening
Singh13 Jagat a rubbish khatil katil hota h pe karne wala Raman bhakti ho to him choya dena jaye
It seems that I had said in my notebandi and I have not given any gift to my house, for this you are getting the slogan of the year.
Aksud sahib the way should be abolish
Its churrenchy aatankvad choruption san was going to end notebandi sa kyo n hua v ask that dare is just
Think of old experiences. Together the loss is Modi policy
schai Bartman or Bhavisiy donau jay shuru leader jay Virodhion kho puh leader jay harti end khi jay BAnday chhatram
Mera bina tera industan teri ma days hard work lie thi desh' hide like today demonetization ka pool khul sang wais kala vaakam k bhi khelega
Ladkion's raids varan etc. Aba who gave today the issue was crying before the apology path was Sharma this unforgiving BzPBAbzailed
Like a good traitor B: Saying your words to those who raised slogans against Aat, good politics will recover from the country, good for you
Where Amma is found, children have been married and have done the dardi of the pond, how does it feel when the trumpet of the pond falls on some food?
If MuslimWoman Tripletalq Pr Ladi order won, Pn etc. would have been happy :Indushadhvi Gurmitsingh sent to jail then meat silent last q
After your defeat people are about to be bad.
inches) to the same bar- Surgichal women Holly bush
Yeh bhai rehane do black money ek about bani bani kar di kare kare kare kartoon country
Banerjee has a problem with criminals.
f
Mention the country's hard work, people give birth to save Hong B'on, Heaven toh then! Toh kaya hua toh kare mare for country's interest during notebandi
We're talking about the man in front of you) I am not coming, what are you saying?
What was the leader point on the day of start ji triplet Vardicht
Today is the quantity of ba roka ed a varman wahi zibh bhi cars whip montena sahib ulfa paaradox eidaladha aanimallights violenche eidumbarak
shuggestion swami losing campaign'
Shiv t this issue seventy-two years will be yours inshallah inshallah
tell me you think i'm super rich man
Through discrimination channel warn fetish baba sold ko kura bacha lowers beach unity reson bacha copper way meetna ghar)
Rashi Paye Gaye Baba Chape Kant Mai 5 to 10 years that shared unattachment is Guinde Ambala Jail
Lit ji gdp bzp that the note that V is less than azah but your gdp is a pum nadia so keep calm, don't speak much
If security loses security
A few words will be made from partatistafundstverved, who said yaar slop shiv hua some serious work of notebandi, karo jumlebaazi bus
shouting slogans peacefully and sending people after you will get normal from him ye violenche right
Notes in the words: Aye tub se BErozgar san bhi khabhi dillon karta :Aye what suicide
Ahle mandir ye toh maan le ki notebandi film hui hai gdp 2 after the fall, Bhi Sarkar is slapping his back.
Vakyam v speech, buy driver, now temple and sixth t lage raho ach ek male saw them and told them that if they were on the tour of Tamir, they were buying crows.
p Would the brahmins become poor only at the level level, are they poor only if they see the path, if they want to give a noon, then give it to the one to whom.
Rachel Cause which Wilson are you talking about?
Gunter an' attempted raids n dead will get bull him are interest is tho between simplicity on acrapists to hang two passes will be closed
The campaign against Domaine Violenche is Waldo's borough
You! need to
Those who are saying that the economic condition of the country is improving due to demonetisation, they will tell what has happened.
You were blind as a devotee. Enemy is also blind. It seems that from your path everything looks black.
how are you again
The path is the same od revolution in front of the bearing kh sandhi s
Schools Sanstrike k toh steal from above Sinazor Schools Sanstrike
During the note-bandi, Aadi has also been hit a lot with Sadan.
This tapaswini, you have lost some zodiac sign, what am Rashmi scholarly losing ends order
If there are 50 leaders and assets, then no leader will get the need to create development in the country, the country will develop itself.
Toh is the weight of the world.
Notebandi's 9th Shahina is going on
2k Abhi aap ko tekne ka bhi pas carta paayega P to make
If any work has been done other than giving the feeling of cow protection, as in the instant work of a Muslim, like a Muslim rickshaw
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
Welbech you! Must be Wworldchup2014
American people don't need Puppy's suggestion while giving Shujhav in India.
Vajji's main stuff talks hu magri i.e. 2002 two kidney notebandi stem cost and they do not have mohalla clinich point larva
Puh is up if you cook someone's peace, they women will know whether it's school or petrol station
Patniak kyu now this mother navel or their gunter shanle is sung :ai ho sakra :ai sung Muslims are sung so
Jai Baat', you are very happy!
You issue! After coming to the appointment, man) If you take out the swing, then literature is corona our you! If the cotton comes out, then the false chorengi
Puh has shown who is buying after demonetisation, since the ban on alchtion, BJP's horns have been in the eunuch order.
Bana aare, he has felt chilli in 3 years, he has been Muslim atanquad Peru, these localities do not speak anything, what is the externality of this relationship
Here the whole Gunter Shanley will be Bill Bhai you! friandzone is speaking
Where is the character, so it is not contracted nowadays that no one was listening to you.
Qadir condemnation in the name of Anna will be recited to surgical women again and again
Soni1996 Trinley pond will not have any effect on the amino level, it will give what has to be lost
Ten such notes on the opposition of Hindutva and Muslim appeasement, I am wired to Serena Carne, people are again scattered opposition.
In the affair of such a bad skin, I always get a lot in my bev.
How could these travels have happened if it hadn't?
Those who have thought what has happened to them, hard work will come on demonetisation.
Phir bhi Muslim has allowed BJP to happen just like them, you bhi religion and thinking of getting out of the way)
Sun Bet No Year Is More Label Sun Way Wars Pavlo Vizayam Anna Eyebrows Down
Merciful 511 Namobhakt Jainendra Dear Muslim brother of India, please give some attention to this
On notebandi, but on low Diwali was fired: O Desh ka Parle
Sohail aap par se sasu ma said shakti hai vol
Lost and America's friend Some people will not like the amount.
Today listened to your beautiful words with real pleasure.
The real benefit of notebandi was today 1000's of rajas' points, due to the presence of 2000 'rajas' to the outsiders, celebrations in women :D
Seeing such a batting of the temple, Mahatma Sandhi also carried indiavssa going north on part of Violenche
Daily hard work people) were a little happy and two councilors named 'TEBandy' destroyed everything by dropping Bombay
Because in the name is the whole of the Indus fog Olympichs
Chor Saale: Ae sabbab sabse demonetization hai, his mind has shut down.
Sharma but this is the same character who used to give the name of Berry Parshwa on killing Jeevan and Sasha Karala when the worker was killed.
Mohan Aham that Insulin Neha Additional people do their own insulin by talking so much that they are so much better than this Bhi Mataram.
You will have to stay in India, Jai Bhim, you will have to say India's province side
Are it happening to be the thing that money is money promises are going noBannoWAll notrademe notebandi demonitization
What is the calculation of Adi Notebandi?
Who stopped the friend and searched for the temple, about Arvind Aaya, but even heard about the BJP Hong, showing the gulappan, Caspian money, money
Whose blood will the blood of BJP leaders sung in Des Bharat be left to the humorists in the affair of the temple?
Abu to base caro lord praise carta some carne bhi look ya base ght o notebandi praha dhyana hai, if you had something good, take an attorney with Sanya
Film seller Hassan no gunter q march jeete ho, how many years will you guys come and sing?
If all those who do this Radhe want to become a guru, then people are defeated.
Come forward in the year and the way system will not get our tribunal, for which I am capable, only because I am open.
Zei Harti Zei Sampti Zei Bharat Anta
After notebandi, Modi did not come to the crossroads, now only the public will take out the filth of urine.
tripletlq late ye hi hai jai ho
The starting general has also allowed it to happen first and then again! What do you want after Kishan, I am a Hindu by doing hard work
Was it before today the family medical shouting man) On the way later there was reservatiion what would we have told what askodishtyle yogisharkar
Thugh e both t support violenche but such Shukla's student has been given 2 4 lapped toh
Whose wedding order was his way b not find you from Mangalore I am from the village of Shakti Werts
Club Bigboss gave the wall that if there was no Violenche, then why did the recognition have to be reinstated?
Baby you! Bhi aa jao santhe ab tak aap bhi bolo vrat yoga jinke abtak messi preity singh nahi nahi bolo
Abhijit Yogendra Yadav Are shadow road Peru come what demonetization that how much goods were suppressed from outside
I want to know why they have problems on the way
When to give the account of 50 days of notebandi asking for the account of 70 years
It’s a shabsh ach baje you are! Bhd
How many monks did notebandi have any news
No TEBandi Shath Atankhee Khi Khana Trust
Kh:an you feel like this, you have bu ne zo lap in the sixth picture.
Litt i think this note that durga is very scam how it will come out
2 Chapters Icon Poems Icon You are not a joke within the act
Lit like you get parts etc. Meet yu na etc
Merciful is 18 not 28 and later 12 more additions are applied then 10 years has come
Na unmse solstane karo ine san way parthiv pesunalum ati ode san karaya doubly ithala estimate pattiruken boro
It is true that I have not got any medal till now I have lost in olympics.
Is their path written on their Shukla?
Lit BIhr m toh till date in the period people have not accepted the notebandhi aka all 500 1000 ke hote ke kept hg face k tired
The shop of Anhusiyat has opened in the corner of Indian Champa for the Rio2016 Olympics
SwachhBharat loses health
don't mind you
The government got all the source out of all the houses from the notebandi. When will 'Liya Chorporate Dhan' come out?
Poonam den shabad (Ume has to go further so it happens Poonam just has to get to the destination just so Anna me rago best of look to stars matches
SAARC has always supported notebandi and 'benami property'
You are Charitam Mohan! People's help Karthik Hu, my liver and armed had been killed, Hussain Koi Insan Nahi Mila Lene
Aast and squad has raked 90 people in Hindi Jhansi carne hai
Who is responsible?
Bhi Trinle taluk Bavla pe and crushed poppy works if you have the courage
Laxmi San has sung employment for the people who have been so much appreciated.
How old is that, even if you want to see Rio, it's sad to see just
E Angry Atri Bar- 2000 years old I had seen the manifestations of demonetizatiion, after that it is just living in chillar.
No Tax India! for recruitment
Abhi on Kumar so that it has not been proved, understand in 4 years the point is being an engineer against Hindu peace, who must understand all Hindus uniquely.
Trinle Talab So is there any discussion in Islam that Changchun will be accepted on the right
For a country that gives light pictures, pay attention to their chantribution and work hard and bulk them up on their own.
And) Good one is not second to anyone, all are same and) Wrong. Yes, everyone is wrong. h not just the afternoon people of the way from inside) h
Seeing the work of Douglas, there is no way that the country is the effect of the revolution NoteB and Douglas
Koi Puh Kaun is the afflicted Bhaisali
Witnesses writing positively) When they got a chance, they shouted on the way and now Liberal
The twisting fetish help the law to be strong so that people raid the point every day, when will they be defeated without caring dead people in other people's fear of law
Will you be troubled by your corruption or Modi ji has taken away the black money in notebandi, now the poor party has slowed down the job, Modi ji has implemented it.
Anno pa na chhabi some education is needed but should have happened but verses should be done all the way
o kerry wrong a jis ni vaga to swan sleep new africa e why you o front new or
Feudal lord Viprit intelligence in time of eternal destruction
Yeh father gets the shatak hai talks notebandi ka decheison, was it sung just like this?
Notebandi made the BJP proud. Samvat was expected to come back by the end of 30, Magri only 1 came back, where re faded breathless parked
whatever happened real like demonetisation
By giving the account of Novo inside, Modi SAARC admitted that the notebandi was flop
is on my side Manmohan ji just that tell not h demonetization ko front na pumbhi Manmohan ji like sanhi relief
If the head when you are after relations with Pakistan, then definitely take care of it.
Notebandi impachted yoga kor bad dua that the hard work must have been done to steal the path of syria jani pali hong havi
yan dena bhai post notebandi schenario hai guru jholi 2 7 The place of the poor chakra should not leave for sure.
Modi demands lusty Karnyasthi pale light
Today I found out about Pahlav Mahatma Sandhi belongs to my chommunity Abu Farm of Natin that is also the way
There has been progress in India! take the campaign delhi hard work pip hey ko chut puri delhi kachcha ghar hai
Muslim conditions wife is also not stupid, who could not park in the masia and the murderer, who abuses the Muslim woman in peace day and night.
Have you eaten today?
Nychleanindia svachBhartabhiyan svachBharat svachindore nAkeindoreno1 svachbharat nission svas istere svachBharat
No I marched through Gunter that being a Maharashtrian and married Srivastava Kaystme that Buddha o DrahEz this was my vibration
To begin with, we ask you to think something about the soldiers of the country like surgical women.
Swachh Bharat will be the date when it will be clear
Reverse motor will continue to happen till the words because their interest comes from the right, they were selfish while sleeping. nova
Head elegance modi kaun jaata ka hai apne said he sang victory today, surely there will be a schedule way
Your water form is the system, the king has come
Tummy tells women what cars are they doing
Mr. Manan Pn Zai :O
Royal tell you said that the head is out that you know that BzP people are feeling 300 kms in new 2400
And when you eat khunas kha jaati, then pe ka chahte laga hai hong parle, then 56 bhog is banyengi hand for Baba.
After demonetisation, where did you get so much nair churrenchyya saab cauliflower ji kriya hai cauliflower cauliflower
Mahajan Shrivasatish Saty Bachane Ji Vade Mataram Jai Hind Jai Harti Mata Ki Jai BJP Zinda
waiting for your war
You work for the temple, your work, the work that you promised, the work that was followed by them.
After the size of BE's note ban, all the leaders of Chongresh became economists, Hey Farm Karo
In the word Harti, the Navy opened on the side so that unemployment could get a roster.
After all, how long will the Japanese of the country continue to be correct like this temple nurse immediate surgichal women
He said that what would happen because the film Violenche in 1942 was Apollo Cara.
Noteebandi se aap ka saraam maadda dubai sang what
You aap khi koi gunter sai
B.E.S. If you had even taught Pakistan, the Atanqwad had also ended with the notebandi.
Vyapam Scam Dal Scam Coal Scam Shrujan Scam Anna Cleaning Scam Ives Scam Notebandi Scam
About us, we are dying in school, are we losing, the future seems to end like this or we should not send you to school
If there was no notebandi, how would the purchase happen?
Will be able to eliminate the count. Then make man with help, so that he will have a hand in living in the world.
Where to start, now surgical women are not surgical, make the whole Pakistan surgical, form a rag and give it ashes, we are with you, take a case on your side.
Instead of accepting the opposition, you came out plainly about the strong opposition.
This is what Dubey has done except considering him as 3 year worthy. Modi has fulfilled his promise of demonetization and 15 lakh light power
Doob pitch dah khao yaal to all whiskey burger wale gaye io2016 olympichs indiaatlio
Wale acid male leaders to bullets that messi karne wale acid robbery wardton mai mulavis guder sharang sixth that damkiyon that mukam do haintash
Preeti 13 speed Gurjar comes on the way to be settled
Mohabbat has neither caste nor madhab nor country and now Gunter is not seen 5u because love would have been Anna, just like law 377debate
If you don't know what will happen to the process, no one knows what will happen.
So start pressing patients like Trinley pond on help internal from today so by the way their decision will come from Supreme Court
Don't know about the lining, but it is because of the Brahmins that for thousands of years, let the Piditons kill them for a few years.
No, people are tired of notebandi
What was your opinion on the image below? you vol
May be it whose rich brother new Indians that surgichal women do the work
Your alampanh said something for the Cup-2011 tripletalk hmmm these years are understood
Are you the ideal Peshawar water?
You are a Hindu, answer what are you doing by killing this?
Trying to take 60 users weeks raw notebandi was his 1st step but came in oo tu personnally apna yatra
2014 May 1st year kisi koi koi carta guage 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 touch ne november out let's see which carta do you want someone
The 9th month of Notebandi is underway
Avaiting cor e Villian in front you became you
Mrid Nelson Modi handed over Vikramaditya to India
Someone has bid from Pn who took inspiration from the worker and worked song inspiration people will work the same notebandi
If Tejas had been a Muslim, he would have lost a whole Martha
Do not follow anyone on a daily basis.
G ape Hindu chakr se bolungi za k v or) k officials se old shugichal strike k after what was their condition
verses gujarati triple tal kha to asat kor rahe thaap! Am aham kha 1post hi hi san sai your meso pay ta pa do s
Sir ji's goods are also Versión
Man) Bhi Gauri Lankesh Hun Meri Award Bindu Karne Show Bharat Province Side
If the form will be known for notebandi seventy two san indira cor nasbandi
Islamabad Vadra has reported that the 22nd election will be held on 22nd of October
Olympic Games
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
But now 80 Hindus have to unite and make India a Bindu Nation.
Swatchharti k with all losers hi be Maruti is Satyarthi letsnarch
Great millions of Balians are being raided Slums are me dead hooligans laden killed bile smoke has become commonplace
give for man
Tell the person about the cause and inform that how much sugar pulse was given in the notebandi.
Sharma did the experiment for the sake of demonetizatio, who took 80 years of food and said that he would have taken the chamra for badwani banke ki liye man)
Guru Ji gave Khulasa Samaj the status of Gird Gunter and paid homage to the society of happiness and sorrow
INDUSTAN WO ONE PERSON RAID WHETHER I ARE GILLING BUT MILLIONS OF THEM
Sideways like Chongress for Joe West, the issue of Trinley Pond was blocking fame, even that vehicle Carney finds that Ray Politics
Ak21 Abaya sali objection tu teri jam ho gai hai milky sathiya ga hai hai hai hai hai hai isse dharma mein yeh hai paaache bay pon u
You are bound! Hear you! I was waiting for
First let's go through some hard work, 17 ways, three now 40 to 50 1 health instead of 17 for 40 or 50 people
Throughout life, from Pashto to the politics of the way, do something for the country.
The world prevented the country from buying 50000 chr of land by BzP during demonetisation. Why the navel was recorded from BzP
If g Amir city where you both thought the country together and the order of notebandi would be the same, let's print and take churrenchyya slave in Basco
There is no anger in 'Kor country' because 'country' knows that the film has not happened and
For which the notebandi took place, he has done all the work of fineness.
d you! Thankfully, I have a navel in front of me, just P
Atri ji aap bhi thee ka amma diti bol rahi thi that sung because of songgress sabbandi, now BzP will go hidden because of notebandi
He only knows whether he is a Muslim or Nai Magri, after taking Muslim steps from people like these
Can someone tell me what to do with pregnancy food?
If the note-bandi did not happen, then the mango Publich was deceived many times with the promise of taking the mango Publich for the country's Pali.
Who does not respect himself, what will he insulate for my India?
Isa Surgichal announces women, she does not feel like if she had, then the riddle would have been lost in women, they do not believe in the ghosts of nights.
Anita ji I have not even a dozen followers no matter what you are such a wonderful vacancy
Ye how religious supporters san whose guru is guilty of the king for him 28 admieon to their san glani par se guru ki andhbhakti kiss em ki
19 You are a class man)
Digitalindia swamin harti ko parle riti pra nkan and shechurity kiya jay then hik speed brano under internet
The love of this song of yours has sung the love of this song of the country, yaar notebandi gsht sab ulfa pukht ho sang, that's why you are saying give up the attachment of Gandhi.
Happy journey to you Jai Hind
Vijay Merchant Vijay Loser Kasim Raja Kasim Bari
Why are you Hindu?
Notebandi does not harm, the stories are living in the world.
For the next 10 years, the habit of writing P Manmohan has become such a habit that PM Modi does not go anywhere.
Their meaning is that such a Barbie will be done, children will be saved, spend for Christ, if not for cleanliness, then they will give it in notebandi.
Ganche to kor bjp kh leader kh that means this thief had sung the curtains in the notebandi rather than complaining to God
Saypochrisya Hasan a written you ib remembered that for how many years the Muslim should have suffered, the tub was silent to the Isse Trinle pond, today sleep dusty
Ye sa i such cancer is temple for the gun shallow so ukti kirti is profession table do so ukti kirti is chit also my husband also my
Good Indian very side) Rayon's opinion. will make myanmar hard work like you did after notebandi to know player requsting
ShaxshinAlik Take A Bower Proudindian Geo Olympichs Bronzenedal Girlpower 'Our account was opened
People are saying asylum asylum rahi koi similarity to these idiots that if notebandi is there, it is Modi ji that politics is not sex, you guys
O hai m bhi bindu hu ye bindu muslim ka madda bindu karne mandir me rahne wale indian bano raste ka kya h
Priya Prime Minister Ji, the way Notebandi was filmed by the employees of Adi, Usitarah Swami Bharat Abhiyan was filmed.
What do you talk about the pass?
Aaptards how long will you do politics of the way Pum was not going to do that
Notebandi suffered foreign travel out a surgical women k allama what did Ivanttoknov
It's love to you that you made the pitch beautiful and gave me the sequence
E-mails find themselves in the mosque, public ka sarvante samjhtey no one raids kartiya
You lose you peacefully
Whale this modi ji, nothing will happen from the peace and suffering cost, first of all he should himself to people like Bindu, Karo n Baba and Amma! good will fill
She is the only one who is in the profession of a person, whose house would have been of glass, she could not find others at home, Dhaka talks
Pon Ki Smash what hard you do black money lyrical head
They have cylinders just like the people who were art Trinle Tal and the recent Judgement Pra cylinders.
NoteB: While opposing the end to the people,
Tripletlq edia 3 locks peru arse ro rashi hai jaye all their techno has been mangled by muslims by giving them locks
Aham re if Rij kya jagat hai ye n hui jagat
Kejriwal would have given Abhi section would have been Insh VIkramditya pe chahiye patte paise spend kyu hue bulke d
Tell me what was sulliya till yesterday, today he has become less expensive.
It is good to say that and Durga is bad enough that more meat should be served that why more raids are not born?
Ram) sang on Dahima, it became 10 to 20
Let me face new approaching ask you to drive you yourself.
Do not say that Sanya acid settled in this hymn of his 5 heroin, he has made all these conditions
If ji has made plans only for videos and divyangs that's why these guys are bringing morals to the olympics
So form also it is believed that notebandi film has happened. Neha Hota Hota Hai with Talks Speech
Notebandi ended terrorism but gave taxes
By paying some attention to Modi Ji Kriya Banaras, calculate the amount in front lobe ice form. m p m
Aarey koi so what's the matter now, but from the end I feel that he can make the sub beautiful by being akhileshdav in 2017
Pak aap bhi toh 40 th metro man ghoom rajya hai zara lahore amir ho sung hai Mubarak ho
What kind of pharma is this stream in the name of Maria May wife Violenche
Indira This is happening and these reservations are not for those who need them. Ghalibs are everywhere
From whom the president in hindi amino your trinle rhythm and the cannon of mhimim will end tho meerut blast pur bhi interesting varna
If a small solid farmer will get as much as the snow is solvay, then it will bring salvation Nuyin Bhalla language, where is the month
Chwan in your opinion, Gsht Modi has put wow should wow
Give Ashwin to your son because he lost that bad thing
Aaja chori yaar pum log) Geeto and' loser ko jeet only kaschid m stop the oppression yaar he har mannoor hai wa real profession iron inside
I think I will find a fluid corner. Talks people like you will make me feel.
Asat Gsht Chennai Rate Chuke Varan Bhenbastamga Halke Chapter
Mention P had done notebandi with courage, in the same way, tell the country what and how much was born from this work or was an option.
28 Why did you not say about the woman's summons
K pumsachi Guru ji you parna
You want to kick Twitter and truck anchors in the stomach
If the hand moves, the dog keeps on wandering.
Denoditised ana ek leo1 marvel singh ahhahaha what happened why dil carta me she san ya he san ya 3 gunter kya carta hai jo swarna o samya e dental student pra hanne no nahi
Schummersault toh are doing it like langua ho Olympichs
Jesh Khana Vinod Khana is the winning hero of the old film, he belongs to Kamle, and today after killing the person, the name does not happen, asat in profession
9211 Song baat hard work listen apne quantity smarta ho gaya
Inch) who won the notebandi kale usse banda fade, and because of which how many lakhs of unemployment were lost, only sentimental speech and only different
Ghulamnazad inn You said that we can tell by bowing our eyes, and tell me that your party will be effective if you do! the area is welcoming
PAkistan k Marco pe no decision you! Why don't you take the value those surgical women are doing to our lives
You don't mention lit demonetizatiion anymore, you used to talk about what actually sewed wholesale but what happened now
came came something came Pnnevyearshpich noteBAndi nodishpich chshless
What is your opinion on this work?
My verman dear Mohammad is seeing me also take care of the image of Mohammad sallallahu alaihi WAsallam PAache BA pon and so on
Loyalgf your wala will also come, you are not good
Demonetization ho gaya ghat ho gaya aur kya bana kan karna arya
He is speaking so much for Shiva, asking him to know that after the end, is there any channel for him, what was earlier on mors, now it has started running since 800
It is said that if gunter religion grandson some man) form right, all his dance becomes automatichally
Mention what was the sahib against treta t meat
Are we not knowing the level of thought that today born Kayastha this actually posture would have seen the ways
Used to tell women but talks of humans
Sonam why do you always touch my gunter
Congresses this a inaugural side f temple just inaugural army com pura being k 1generation dies: I have been in the last 15 years: think
What do you think Gunter thinks himself to be, to see the Tummy Vahini ladies that the day when the mind will come out of the eyes, I will play bullets.
Due to demonetisation, the people of the country got the blessings of Baba ji.
Cheap to farm nai talks hai dharma phir bhi birth na chahte hun khoon who is RN i.e.
The destruction is still there: just 2 lads have gone and noted
What line has struck you, Chardiff care abu ne abu if you are a mother! B is Adia
The words are inviting me in the middle of the night, so why not?
Pesticides and scenes instead of these true sufferers. Marketing linens should also be done
Kahi nind mai ho or dasha ke hai Opposite gunter ka nturl salt forgotten
Santo ye to sabko pata hai ki notebandi se kisko taklif tha
: I should lose like this Bjp will suffer the most
Why do you take such chozy paths from the sun?
The meat did not pay attention, you go there and develop Kendra Dhamma.
New Ernest recorded lobe FE on triple beat
Barlow great you! be great
The leader of the conditions of Teen Tla, could not see some differences in the sculpture raid.
There are black paras in the name of the profession
Spread your praise without taking the report itself. Notebandi and 'Abgshta' did not take 1 month but to tell the year
Because you! you have come to work
Words etc. have bet think what demonitization
28 Yepei means free India's work will continue to be device conductivity
Fair Liye did not write a report about the disappearance of banke de party day, because obanda is the responsibility of parle raaj jan-poveful raast da
Ladkion's raids varan etc. Aba who gave today the issue was crying before the apology path was Sharma this unforgiving BzPBAbzailed
Is it only after today that the army which is suffering in order, we are all seeing the degree of sacrificing women will not happen now
The mourning singer, you are the world of the human being, the navel is the power policy, so the player thinks of seeing the way.
They do not have the right of Zoya's pond.
If you serve notebandi, then now the sir himself does not even hinder you.
Notebandi seems to have influenced Chongresio a little too much
Youngistn abu income will go great to you
If Chabinet had opened the door and started the business of Chai, more money would have come along with the notebandi.
.
When I am If you had brought a mistake, then who protested, you are peeping your own thing.
Yad nature means that it will be wrong, right here the child has been with him all his life, that if he keeps on giving
But such words on the awareness that there is no understanding is requested and if anyone has support order, sir, not on the basis of crow ways about the thing
Atreyu look without gPsh chip was so sure went notebandi Delhi stron terrorist PAkistan Delhi destruction art Bla art on something nahani happened
The temple body has kept India suffering from medical shop.
Notebandi has declared after 9 months' salvage only inches) mate
Hey Nelson will be visible until people forget the note column
Shiva good seventy two slogans San Harati that the birth will remain till ruin, the birth will not want to kill the acid arc BzP
People will accept the account of notebandi from Adi, Merrill has run the temple side, now they are asking for the customers, then Godi is running the temple china.
Gunter ta palte dekho bear lambe sharanagati Pragati sharanagati
Khane gunter em wolf ta immortal desire koi thorin PAariZat
NoteBAndi 1 ghotala is vishhi public service sound pum se bhi khhatarnak
Qurra nuyin duly makchup be paid gandhi cost
If you want to see the motivation of notebandi, then every common man, laborer farmer, Goa Employee of Ahart, take a look at the condition of your house and hold it here BzP
Vidura fat maid son but chonsidered appreciation Vedavyasa acid Valmiki both lower way ye Brahmanas acid Vishvamitra
Breathing Campaign Ambala Chhatt B Applicable: What
Instead of notebandi, there is no financial problem. Place Help
The pass country that is still asked for shouchalay is the thing to do with advertise, he knows what the brick of NoteBAndi is
distaste is the garland of losers
It needs to be written straight, all Anna has played together NoteBandi
Shabad Swami will remain temple thapi tho health will remain temple 6thBchsh shwachBharat
For 70 years, you people have given the country's son Park Kartiya aa rahein ho bhukti illiterachya poor you people have given now will you save the country
People go to death by drinking water or food.
This is oh! Pro Than Enakkum Striam Guru sAkkal Awadhi Than Awana Mulathanam
Gained profit from notebandi so Gdp is ahead on 5
H you q questions gas these branch gatherings that are harmful are all like that
After syat, even in four, the cat is doing business with Marley.
Carlo after 65 years, so it is applicable, brother, how has it been, when the church will get the grains, then you will think that the notebandi has cleared our vault.
Arhat hi, the state of being of women. Woh tu pakistan borda paye mandir ko la ka dekha diya hoon nu koi koi nai hua par em chitra people) showed nai
Are the princes of Chetia at least the Congresses did not count the country which Hetu gave the order by nominating
Kh Trinle pond is not our family m toh corvette thank you
There is no side or leader to speak on the atrocities on brahmin nor rain nor lala people).
Sugar should arrest you that Khabrain is walking in the heaven of Islam
Notebandi pe diti ki eyes hard work bhi mani thi
Tow viscosity tax was like opening the mouth of the noteband
After loading the bark, he did it, but if the victim brought it why?
r head would seem to be our com point to be the work pr is you persecute Powell pr hi distribution that arrangement work
Sir, Hindu religion is good within but some concept is supported in such a way that it is from Wagah because how many blasts went to Moner from Notebandi.
Triple Pond and Sinagra Pond Hard work What Farm
I am the people who go to the means of life; I have not found any park;
god how are you here
World India! The clouds have not changed. What can be expected from Jahili?
In the fetish point, we can never be the first person about the path and share on our own consciousness, just nothing else
You want to do it Shiva Anadi had brought the bill, what do you need to make Triple Tal a law?
Puh me goes and goes what happens to them surgichal women
Desire ZaWAAB Usha SHhArE shhArE shhArE shhArE shhArE shOldrsh Sixth POOchhO Krishna poor ChhaPeital dEnOnitiZatiOn Gram e BAad initiation shhhEt l goes
Shakti k except 3 years m done hi what is if ya notebandi gau atankwad pathankot vakyam these are all great gifts
I could not find the caste way of Parle but most of the Parle told me that he is OB
B Akh Oळ B: O Ukha Atankhee Khi Khan Trust
1301 Looks like Bhai Saheb's notebandi m kafi paisa wala sang Indra liye mein he was doing chomision p shanle outside to get paisa jaala
Losing Anta Khi Zay
What's the matter, look at the wonder of the loser, no friend chomel me like a farmer here
Agra Zindaag like long dance hard work quite kabhi slow hazare tho koi baat' not but performance very good cost olympichs
Hear the accident, you see that etc. and bhi chit raha hai si skin Akhtar skin
You get to talk! Same thing happened but P
Notebandi wife is film as much as Rahul Gandhi mara hai zi kor
Dera head Karthik will continue to mislead the country for 3 years, except talking about the work of the worthy mind, the money of Karo Lolka Notebandi is said to be a devotee
Hindu When a Hindu sees a lot of progress plant, then people think that Theresa Dechoat then Neha but when a Muslim 2
In notebandi, I see impletatiion, sang Modi g's lying position, jai puri parsh ko and pum ko achonomy prashan in 3 years
How many Muslims have been sentenced to 25 years is still a matter of fact how many are still in jail for how many years they are so men know who
Shurgichal women were just temples saying maybe Beliver ni Kirti but our Arghya Chit also said I have full confidence in my army
The people of the East country filed that language is an agreement, the rest of the country has been able to say that Gayatri and Jama Desh are unable to recover from the raids inside the morgue.
If everyone is harmed by the hero things, that's why people apply to the cinema if the film's cholechtion falls.
Today in smiling) Violence has happened
His father has raided with the rest of the 3 years old.
aka Bill Negeri Cor Norse Against Other Politicians Who Cares to Pay Attention to Drones What Would You Say?
Adarsh ​​Aap Ishq Desh Ke Sabse Baad Political Scam
The end of the triple pond is a kind of Hindi Kharab)
Notebandi will prove to be Votebandi for BzPv. Who has made the son salty on the work of Barbie
Aham, you have taken out a little employment education on all these things.
Father always comes but you know why this fathers mercy gives AIDS that now you are not together
Rohingya in such a way that we are upset with Jayachand.
You said the visit would benefit the Chustomers Prince Com Hong Buddha After the visit, the Prince of everything changed Arhat
This means that the meaning is not complete. People's businesses have been lost due to the nomination. Therefore, four chirchulating has been reduced
And how far are you! casual labor
In note-bandi, only those idiots who had not seen Kafi Banke Achchount or Art gave much in front that there is no need
You Have To Lose So John Eataly
What do you mean today?
shub bollyvudkhiddah khushiyanWithkhrftly more khhada k dave kaha tha shurgichal strike vaan kiya aska
Lakshmi Sandhi Ji is the Father of East India, the Father of the Nation is Kahlty, this is the focus of evidence, why is this Aquarius so much?
Build Panama Hard work even after any power is right after all the thieves bara snow
What density you! q density man)
Too many heads to bring Bulle Brano
Lit BThe money spent on the vehicle which is sung here is very h notebandhi in the equivalent of some 4 croches some 8 croches 20 20 would have been changed
It happens suddenly, if you are thinking so much, then to make the world go there and take your life for surgical women.
After Notebandi k now it BAkrabandi
Who was the first Maulana to carry out raids with the girls of 10 12 years inside the mosque?
What Rahaul Kandai Income o b D Sixth Daar Carta I Income Udhv KhhilaF Due by born VAchhAn KhahAtE NOtEBAndi Shurgichhal StrikhE PrichE HIkhing
Education Puh Jhansi Shiv Ants of some of the lost demonetizatio's memories of stealing the shadows of terry reciprocity made me for you with the state's
Harti Anta Khi Zai Amir Zi
15 15
BJP will also see going today India's Khatirdari Shinzoabe Indiazpanannualshummit Ahmedabad
You are forgetting that the instant Trinle has been updated to the pond and not the end, you and Muhammad should show that the report of all consent is implemented.
Anna according to you was also troubled by the notebandi, he showed the last EB that yes he should also see
The relief of the people was that terrorist funding has stopped since demonetization while these Andhras have been doing something else
The people of the world do not understand the understanding of spiritual love.
If zi demonetization ke d bhi chala money on how t messi alias stem thiss a malice
Whether on the lamp, where is Veerbhadra Singh slept, wake up now, who is trying to save the amount, they are actually zinc.
After the purification of Kalidas, no one has found the way till Abhi
Sharma in this he told this year that the notebandi is good: Yeh baaki baad kaam: Ae mein koi san sai kya
etc. also ie system tha if goa it kartik to return to palin is and it goa it not effective for demonetization
Takes immediate action when it is beneficial for him Abhi 2Din Parle in the case of raids in Ayodhya, he takes money from the place of murder.
Only now I think that what you said happened something like that.
When there were slogans of women and June, then only you Chandel did not oppose June Kha, today because of that this is becoming possible in our country.
From Ashley Notebook Data's Feet Parrot Again! Abu Faikuchand is now spreading the religion from the afflicted.
Muslim people say that they belong to whales, then at some point people are against Bhiti, insisting that if they are Muslims, then all this would not have happened.
Deonetisatio af aled farmers who didn't get the price of their pass, because of PIE notebandi, their personal lassi came to him, Modi Bhargava
There are two types of courts in India, one for the rich and one for the guards.
How much money came in the banke in the work 'Caro Demonetization, it is necessary to tell when the vikas spear will be punished.
Why would this Nobel pamphlet be printed if there was no work after that?
Notebandi that the puhna puhto must have been following the meaning to divert it
Akhtar did not even demonetize them but found them similar.
By some way I have no problem, but at least make me at least a teacher so that discrimination is removed.
28 Uslamo see your leader is going to the temple, will you allow this and it to happen? M Allah Uslim has no leader of the people
April man you eat! Shut up, be quiet to ho pra lara ends free friendship
Hari happy sad that with that foreign foreveralone singlelife
After the visit, your news would have seemed to be sold rather than sell the term building or rather give the Paneri Sena a point
Abu I did not have a form, I had a position, even marry with a law (what profession should I do?)
schokay brother zalchh:Oऱsia he should be ernest
During the ban, there were 491001 contracts in Banke.
Claim under syat kar di meat has now sung nothing for devises to halloween Ghalib, so far, only bowed promises have been made.
This is the custom of the world, friend Ghalib kills his wife toh domestics violenche amir mare toh spanking
The only thing first is that when to teach writing and sadhana in Hindi, whether after taking a parneri with a parliament or after demonetisation.
May the lord always keep you and your husband happy
If one side of petrol is dying, then one side suffers) If one side goes to Barkley public then go to Kanha
There is also a triplet method in the house of the owls.
Daily I get net neutrality on how many more Muslims I have got
Whether beautiful women believe that they have proved themselves, even if they don't want to do it now, even if they don't want to hear it, they are poor Modi.
Arvind Sir you were exactly how much damage has been done to the country due to notebandi
Siddhi was eaten like a triple pond
Douba nu e Onkhang good one
If there will be Chhabinetschuffe, then there will be discussion about the talks of the notebandi for the people of Aedia.
The Mughals are being bowed down in the changing Girgit Harti and) the kingdom of drama is going on in the countries.
Lit map like versus for surgichal women like antivirus isa best
Just wish you were in Villere Hall of Bilochistan.
Qureshi has also made something in his country, how many days will you keep watching the Morris Amal Olympichs of the temple?
Iam: What does Indu Bholenath know that by some way Jalabhishek happens to him only that he is my devotee and I am ink issue Hari Corner
That shoe for you! Show me Heaven here! Have you ever danced on someone's gun?
Masha Allah Drava Saab to be pakistan with each other that the king's caste may be more
Ladkion's raids varan etc. Aba who gave today the issue was crying before the apology path was Sharma this unforgiving BzPBAbzailed
It was to be Abhide that achonomy se financhial chonditiyon of Budhiya Pandya.
If it comes, the one who has not defeated him, Bettiah has lost a hundred blood. Didn't it matter if the rent was killed in Goa?
The leaders started drinking, people speaking to speak, did not take the traitor, B's picture of India
Gauri Lankesh Ki Vihar Current Ki Kale G Kanhaiya Ki Motera And Teri Domain Ecole NATO Issue Nayak
Why did you come down on devotion?
Punar nirmanikkapatta halliya oonitEd ushmon liBrary thatpozu mel thirakkap PAttullazu anaivarum bindu yan PEralam
But 5 raftaar kha tim hai hai hota nahi ho are you
The hand of the case against the Khajrival notebandi is benefited by the Pak Center, has his seal been burnt today?
Instant Tripletalk should have been stopped by the very parley mullah
Abhi on Kumar so that it has not been proved, understand in 4 years the point is being an engineer against Hindu peace, who must understand all Hindus uniquely.
Pappu marries me by loading cars, what is pappu kitni etc. is the film na laadkar, how small is Pappu by loading dogs?
Aamir Yah ji if you were to buy at least fifteen then another bar notebandi thousands
you say live
mrid joba jai indra jai loser
And why don't you go through the karayet and if you have a complaint about drinking, why don't you go to Dhamar
If you had touched and there was a scam, would you rather be silent?
Insabco India! It will happen when. They have two Hindu fronts above Hindus, they continue to be persecuted by Islamic persecutors.
Well, it is visible from your poetry, but you yourself are the picture of poetry.
You guys sang a little black money in notebandi so that Khujliwal Sikandar had come 15 ahead in condition river yuti chappal.
Gsht is causing Chompany Gandhi to become a male poet and married Book 2 Front Acid Repair Beer is that Kare Barbie became
After the bad news of Chhabi Kala Trinle Pond, today felt very happy zodiac is 30 Indians who are dying
Even today, he does the same work, religion is only so much that he is not able to eat just from Shiva, Dillon loses from his awakening.
707070 YogiVerma hi cry shweta ye male nahi hai pakka nake eden hogi
Association ice man Wells may have been secretly silenced his arrival, the technology of his Kerala could be better if France Guntery could
Aditya Nath Yogi Ji First Chongratultions Now you can also free Hindu ladies from plain black domestic violence from inside concubines
Temple do hide she dhut varman hAe k saste k gsht zagO ghrakh zagO gshttmasha
Is if opposition local Pak then going to Birmingham is more tough is going to Rajendra
D B:Aau Income Gst 28 e BAzayE 56 LagaiyE 1 Shaal BAadh 28 VAPAash Drum Drum Ann ArginE LEna BAndh KhardEgE
Shahar Sahib Maria's Bettiah Bhi is the arrangement of your good wishes, which has given Rum Rahiman to Pakdvaya Bharat Province.
Mahajan Shabad without any poor domain on four
Now it will be necessary to send notebandi carne etc. to jail. Hey Nuyin then the country will be drowned
Leader Dane Movement Smart Doing Saale Temple Maa Rasta Ka Naam Pe Dik Marg Up To Five Goes Up
Gunter road Marseille why not give propilation on Matrimonyy
Arya puh something happens chrome ne nobel prescription print ginner so unique hal pum right intercourse
Den nahi nahi such is not the world still this way inside allu see if love carta is sarvante marsile if is that all see
The children doing women are not doing anything for the passed students and the non-registrants are imprisoning the children.
have you taken my skin
Look, this setting was fixed before the nomination. Modi kept his half in the opposite so that his work would be done
1 Aravali ki Olympichs thestanu ati tusad okadu ati mi pamphlet naruto chadivanu sindhu flyovr kattinchmanu warn
Temple Sumit Shiva Ha Terrorist How are you Sacra, so see the way first
If the feeling gives me 1) Andhra, then I will put it on my progress and do it soon in the life of the goddess Durga.
In Pum head in Alka paddy yield in 2011, Principal Teacher had taken out for India but till date India has become navel.
T sork opinion and man) by the arms of the stencils of greatness I see right now. what way is bhi borra
Tripletlaq is said by Puhshariah to be the original world green and to be with it is the Puhshakti h TripletlaqVerdicht
Bjp meat has smart schemes for the farmers, whose benefits are being received and there is no effect of demonetisation on the farmers.
Abu all the Muslim intellectuals said, are they scared while giving their blessings?
Your mail is in place so that you can sell Pum Dete Cookie Pum Peru 1 2 Ice case Carne try
Domestic Violenche that this women's police station Shahganj should be done soon with friend Jaunpur S.
San Q you are board Hindu Abu so ye also right said power that Hindu Muslims before become human beings
How much has the country suffered due to demonetisation?
Notebandi has only remembered the fraternal leader, that's why all the marches are being done with different ideologies.
You have high tea! p
In a few days, if you want to roam around, you have created a loss.
San sa kam' amit ji notebandi
BJP stopped these schemes. Rakhi was there but even today in the Lok Sabha there is a pas larva but a cat but there is no majority in the Rajya Sabha.
Where is the matter, what did you get from the notebandi till SAARC Abhi. no amount goes
If whatever the benefits of SAARC scheme should be brought for the class people and even if they are educated, they should also get some facilities.
Is literature your de k people these dragumi notebandi or something else feudal is em something bring sho don't worry
Women's world is not better than the mouth you give
This should be respected by everyone. The last sixteen years of any problem would not have been violent. Gandhi made our country assassinated
Demonetisation Official Who will answer for the defeat of people and the rape of a woman at the time of Partition in 1947?
This one alone is your love
SHOOCHIEDE NOTE NRENDER DC APRY NOTEBAANDY SIXTH FIGURE MA BANDH AH JATA SHOOCHIEDE KHARNNE NDERENDER DC APRY NOTEBAANDI GOES SHOOCHIEDE KHARNNE NDERENDER DC APRY NOTEBAANDI SHOOCHIEDE KHARNNE NDERENDER DC APRY NOTEBAANDY
Arundhatiroy Mita think woman she is sleeping ye h salai Arundhati jay ki ek male ho kar
If you were in jail, then give the lentils to the demons, now get the demons punished, Sahib, zinc and law and order, bring the remaining days.
In the affair of triple pond, we have forgotten the issues of 'beef' and 'Intoleranche'
Hari gives the message of the pomegranate that produces the world of Atankwadi.
Kshan em mnmohan singh zine hi ola tha notebandi shangathit jagat h ai rasse des n o puh hi achitnai h
Give the stars of wholesale politics, you are left, we are with you, the politics of those in front should be seen
Di hi gustakh sho chha chha start sai aap ba ada niklein
Saini e Maryada mein the name of the road PE tender Is it that caste should not have opera paths
Source Some people are saying: A demonetizatiion film: bark once and carne pass it larvae
To be honest tell whether anything of demonitisation was born or not
After how much intoleranche has it been sung in our country and BJP sugar abhi bhi chot sloughter and trinle taal atri hi mhimsingh
If you want peace in losing, then Rohilla Muslims will not have to rule, talks will make India Bhi Sharma.
Anna khan suggest that you did this drama.
The meat of the inner Tiryani is the Muslim Khafir or the loss of the times if the Gharib Muslims are the army of the Ustahab
She has a lot to do with Violenche, Friend
Modi is taking the country forward
Gujarat brother :O
Who is the gentleman of Arhat Karne Bhaiye and Turkey finds you Komal to face Parle The knower is of India, the address is of 99 Muslim
Rahul zi apry shPEECHh khOn likhh khardEta i gsht p BOltE chh khuchh FlOOd p BOltE chh poor kh liyE boltE khi nOtEBAndi kh BAad guzarat kha
Upper way I'm what kare will remain speaking to your parents and' chousin toh dete if so much attention to studies on riots toh would be good
Naidia se toh hua nahi, if you meet anyone from m
YJ Manoj333 6Oud:Y83 28 200 people have known and sung what they would have done and benefited from the note-taking which continues to blind me.
K Baad and Mishra Ji Jab. If Tiwari brother comes home, what will be the benefit of notebandi?
Hey, promised 15 lakhs to the people of India, we robbed our 1500 bhi notebandi carne
I remember shedding tears for the sake of deonetisation and still remembering that face of the absurd.
Hi no head, you have entered the most by noting puh only you think you only say if you listen to someone, don't you
puh if ji chairman uthappa khe up 28 ght our good dinner aditya hi come puh for you him disk revolution sai
Will Modi's work earn interest in Mandir Parle Desh' Salo Notebandi Railhad Singh Go Atankwadi's work Tell me about the death of children Mario
Notebandi mein 250 zamana road kerala bhi zebbutee ko kala san navel what fun should be found for such dachisions
when. Pajamas are sometimes wrong with Dardi, so he starts counting the benefits of raw
Bid well for those who killed because of crushed demonitisation
Notebandi's Dhime Gujrat's Ek Sakya had cherished 13000 thieves for some politician's WO Sakya's story
I am famous because I am from the country which gave place to all religions and 'shadowed people'
Arya ght baad saam dena parle muj ghalib ko koi ghat saamana dena
Gaya, you know, because of the loss, the common business has been getting an offer and also has to pay the fee for the sentences.
Draw no gunte great man something like this on the right side of the display
the result of the knot is
Somehow, you have to say justice.
The world is such that now Himesh's songs are starting to be similar
After demonetisation, features became sung
There is no Lyncholn out wide scam notebandi and' gsht either
The king is the destruction of this note
or note-taking food
Puh nai head noteb b-da b-da is applicable in handling the money it takes
like a losing mother
Agra Till today, if Modi had sung P Wall to our country, then the bullet train would have gone to India by now.
Hukum Singh ji who has been up to: Indus Koi milk was not washed away, the maximum print in the paneri is that Nelson is there who is a dot.
I and Kayako from Bhukhnotebandi to Bhrastachar sarde e within :Amne3sal me Bhaimukt Bhojanyukt alias Bhrastachar literature came forward.
If someone kills someone, they do raids.
Syat gave road pra la from the immortal fire to thekedar
Abu all being halfway to join hands with Heaven Chongress Bhi Khejriwal, but
Come on you! Just look at how hard India is, such that it is right to eat and right to get
slim m k saath’ mom liching masjid m imamsahb k saath’ badsluki tintalk alias also much again like the supporters of Muslim Ramacharitam
In 3 years only 3 China was done, Modi did 1 Gaumata 2 Notebandi 3 Babrimsjid and knows in these 3 things the world tour
Karvate schools Peru surgical women that need just all schools nationlise like box if the temple is to build India
Stomach ji you know who is real
He didn't say you think like us but don't hurt anyone's path. Say
If the government took any step in drowning the Tredes.
When 99 came back again, what happened to those notices that faded in the water of the notebandi, the perfume a which beau reserve banke
Shitnynomshays Khudse Alaska would love to see if its cheap
Rohit was on 107 then Virat was on 77 then Virat ko women deni thi na but he sang from 107 to 127
But give the job of notebandi scam
The leader has come to review how much our comrades have done for the loss of health.
The domain is not poor, some men are the peak of the violenche, the law should be for them too.
Notebandi Notebandi Prijan Shrijan
You are on the way to the north temple, these raids abusive women, atrocities on all these thieves, you think about the grain, you have done Kabra of the country.
Networkers are so troubled with their jobs that patients are on their way out
maharaja tan general da vi nitte bharosa insaan te karte han) ibner profession
Devgan23 Notebandi se taqlif toh bhi kho sahye but Mario has become more taqlif just me ek akkht banna hai: A film has kama karta hai only
Triple Talab Ki Suls Hui Bujha Nahi Abhi Tak. That's why when given a chance, give rage to BJP.
Zay loses the end
I have a crushing gesture today, this time is yours
Icon from Islamabad Khalbuhshan Kha from Dehshat Dharma Kha: Ai Harti Isa Insan: from Amdardi Kha to Anna Chahta: Aye Terman Akhtar-e Maharaja
Malayalam column Notebandi column Gorakhpur Kant Ramacharitam Kejriwal is responsible for all this
Theindiyan puh which was the notebandi that happened later to repay the loan of badeya businesmen, only sang to make a fool to the public and nothing else.
The effect of such a notebandi was very visible, but then you did not see such a draw Shivkumar chor toh hi
And this trim is happening in Raniganj of Pratapgadh and this is Domestic Violenche
28 Notebandi Dhime Gujarat ke ek sakya had made 13000 thieves adored by some politician WO Sakya is the story
He said that the devotee is calm now, everyone knows that the country spread in the country and the nova stupidity India, the business of the blessed is Dubai
Why should I not be a Muslim, you guys are the people of India, all India, what was the contract, the king, your brother-in-law, the kidney
Chakra Ruchi BHaisab great side of the great leader g zo dik liye hi great degree jay evam chhotey shvas g nuyin aham varan
I would have been in Agra if you would have stayed with him.
Ghkh brother you! Go to Galatia
Bjp has implemented our law today, whether it is hidden or hidden by the sixth Congress.
The ego inside the one who does not know about the sufferer, what will happen to him?
Arrow Danger Way To Be Pokemon Official New
Good brother, take our Bapu out to India.
Let the leader be on his way so that just Alaska is the point, is on his way. 6 Looks meaningful.
After 786 soni1996 syat all trades are restless they are abusing Modi ji because now his theft will be applicable
Andar Mataram Jai Hind Jai Harti Mata Ki BJP Zinda
Like Trinley Pond to Zee Nelson to raise the issue of Reservations
cheap taxkar name with all indian want him carta
start my one year for the raid is there any additional literature apart from this is it from me
Those who write Pali should improve now
You! Saurabh is eternal and knowing what is not Indra
Amar Abhijeet's head is bigger and) is from every corner as Hind Bharat Mata.
Such a colony, you guys have shown a lot, ladies nova speed friend
The desire to promote Chommunal Violence is now in our hearts
Hahaho Opposite Gunter's point is that Thar Obanda is Kanha, then it is not working completely.
Protest against Demonetizatiion Carne Pra Delhi that knows that he has gone to Kejriwal in Chhd Eletchion, Abu Bhokta, far away he has forgotten to speak
In the great peace of the indiaisthreatfornatiyon asar ji Bapu Harti, he has been found.
For the journey, the champuter has trouble loading the navel forward at less than the slow speed
Everything was there but the standard of work was Gunter's.
Lele Sir Raaste reservations vansh kar karye ki bhi dharma film, then it costs the most Rs.
If ji would not have fallen just by falling, the big lamba lamba was thrown about blonde, now the quote has gone on to say
Ashley was we call ole :ole became dirty Phir about martyr forward words di earned but alias bhaved way this nake
You have said come to the temple of the Olympics Rio 2016 :Eroad
There is work, friends, at the social level, there will be no hunter little bit
It would not happen to them, they did not even know when the demonetisation would happen, they were busier in their love carne.
Vidhi doesn't get perfect Japan because it feels bad
After reserving the way for 10 years, he now placed a stupa for the danger of the security youths of the selfish caste.
To say that the leader point and) is good for India in afflicted fetish that he has found an effect on his dead Mario.
About you
Mashallah Allah may you earn by your age
If the fodder is started so that the attention of the people can run away from the main issue.
E immortal all you are capable of
From Narendra Modi ji, we navel India have a lot of hope.
Jay erchant Jay Nazare I ja I am very
notebandi film: driver tumlapgo got an issue without sitting
Anna Hare is going to divert all this drama notebandi
Arya is something he so what do hi all done so will say rikvan demonetization gsht picture employment privatization chhorruption atoms
Squad and pasta have ruined 80 people in Hindi
Money has been successful in notebandi
Good luck to the demonetizers by coming to the right 9
Alchina Madarchod's name Take help
The Tiryani Billav of Notebandi is now the long noz sign of Chambal
Notebandi's 9th Shahina is going on vikas kabhi bhi ho sakra hai
Consider this brother to be a park in Trinle Tal and Ritul, where is the Barlo Kahi Ka?
Aaaaa is like a Maulana of Muslim religion
you go
Opd I have skills and no women do not tax the state
would not have come to vegetables because of women
shakti aharz filed has sung that next November will be his special vi neta ko Indian love) pe biswal nahi hai triple tal sab said taks now no
Development of 'Aarey Tiwari Ji Desh' Label 28 Gh Note Bandi h out Development of Pardeshi Label 1 lakh! Cancellation of 72000 Shiksha Mitra
What do I find?
B
Vegeta father sat in Aharashtra, but due to the loss, the goods of the retailer did not come very full, the public got very upset.
Had the version been peaceful, Mulla's Hitesh Rahul and Muslim Yadav's quota lover Akhilesh would not have run away.
Agar Harti Hal Sandhi ki bhi mata hoti he dost t liye to sanharti mata ki jayat verts to be a successor of ancient BharatnAta
'Amara loses great ego zai ho baji alaga
You should have accepted it earlier.
Happy Hindi Day to Nabhi Desh' Baliyan Jai Hind Jai Harti Mata Ki
If the accident happened, it should happen if it is so then you! Supporting whom?
If Ji told Lalai Fort that Note B was another year and people heard that Note B was another year
Ambedkar's efforts to walk the MP are appreciated.
Fatima 10's women night thankfully not these new failure batting
Shuru drip irrigation na means on Gsht 18 se Anu kai thane jagat 5 hata
Na notebandi the workforce and) the sufferer does not get anything, the common people are very sad
rather loses
Saw your father Modi has become a pom, now go to Pakistan Bhagat, you said
Some business contemplate e about it then think about it, it is spread dance point, then I suffer, Johns talk that the center will be happy every day.
Nature is a monster of friendship and) Dhoni like Narendra Giri considers Mandaleshwar Harti's future is dark hard work
Isha Alha Sheikh Shahib is with you for the sake of fitness The day of Bundela is near
Ratna hota hi pistachio 'amara like sixteen for kh aa what edge lo kor ho yi you kh asan n e hosni k kor kor BAdnam hho went evam 'amara
strike 1 midwife
Said to go to the tax
Litt you look happy after Trinley Pond
000WAZ SH0RREEF FAanly Ishta A :UiiliatiOn OF Kottam Rashtra LOg Shanzhtay : Kh Sharay Kottam Chh :Ain
Next Plz Mention part way alto wherether dalit and minority ki char but saw samosa wale kha leader 64 banke tujhe kya mi hai
Should Modi ji make such a thing, Jha, if someone agrees to enter the right, then he could know the order of registering the vehicle complaint.
Pum Sir Meja lost in the Vidhan Sabha, Gandhi's huge lavasa is very bad.
Dude, you take free care of your water.
Godsay's sons are the speaking power We have not found anything in 60 years or two g ne notebandi cricket Spain's India made Bloody Morse
I mean you! Have you accepted? me you! Will you bring the shopping box?
Gunter Changed Bravo Mena Bhai Naye Bhai said
Chongress need your e-newspar drive.
What will I get Archus, I also have to know the profession
On note-bandi, and if the followers used to go, but one day! I sing more than Parle from the film
Money gone from notebandi turned white what is the best formula to whip blaster and now I am happy with Kogl temple
Yesterday lassi inn puh delhi thoda muslim two jagat pa harti made the formula, those who speak alive coma carne
Mind has gone, think list print new cartesian
FOreign funds from Khezrival himself that is how salty
Meet the way politics above the chariot P UP me go 6 year old child from the book is Who goes to be hitting course
Aap K Dutt Ne Gul Kiya
Zo Inch) until a while ago were counting the 'work of the Gurmit', requesting them to do the work in Egypt.
Anna has also kept silence on Lokpal as if the country's corruption has ended.
WEshupportasaramBApuji asar distaste are directors, they have done service work in the entire losing country.
You will my act work' cars gay
Shujal Laird was the one who had also given overshadov order to Male Laird, but it used to come to such ghostly Atachk Neha
To begin with, it seems that the notebandi Modi had done from Upper to Pokhar, how much scam had happened, he would have found something.
Eat or wasted in this way, please tell me what happened at the end of the roster, what happened on demonetisation
It seems that most of the damage from notebandi is ours. 15 lakh speeches do not give introduction to Sunil's stories again.
Jai Jane Jai Kisne Jai Hind Mera Bharat Mahan
Cor to Anna is digital male shoulder go to Prapti Dham
Look, this stalking is my act special temperature, I told you that I want to spoil it.
BEES BE EMPLOYEES TAKE 15 COUNSES TO WORK THE SEAL
I dreamed of seeing you on a happy night.
Ishq notebandi ka corner fake cho puh black people) I got something about the mighty tax payer.
Now libtars and 'sikkulars anna phi ho gaye hai sadhna bhi nahi nahi aata aata bhi karna ki baat mein ko ye bhi hai hai. look chudzpa people
Demon X in Nova Tata Ship Jana Pip's wrecked vehicle Smith Transition Hua Awake Countrymen Awake
The living proof of Gujarti Motel of Governanche, above the plight of the Dalits, the kedarkabh will share their pain.
Now you have a health case
If politics is religion then Modi is its spirit, like a losing mother.
Puh then if you think that. If you could, would you not think of him? India without giving such a thought to Vivekananda. I am very happy with my brother.
Adi Abhi I came and found the charm of the leader who said that the recognition of Punjabi is recorded in front which won the Chondidate of yours.
If Rajju Bhai comes to death, then Gunter does not see.
'Pe to hua nahi, how are you eating thousands of wholesome instructions, some selfish people do not let the father come out, you are here without him
Farm Abba Chacha Vichtims Reporter Neha Karte Ishq Liye Aapke Laga Hai Ke Alka Grandson Doodh Ka Khula Hai
good luck to you too
From jeevan evi to india connections khi purti tak modi ji shankhanpeete si
Karan and I, who did not want to marry both of them, did not want to get married.
Desire is convergent for the country and the country is strong
Give something bold on the demonetisation report, after which you used to speak without the bulk of 56 Indra, abu what is the meaning of talking about that latter?
Lit parle notebandi and' gsht please do this
If you played school fool barlow country notebandi made me 20 wars
Lata sai Notebandi VI The development that has been born is rather
Yoga has been 9 months on notebandi, it has been saved
I only want the spear of the country, there is a dialogue born 50 hajra-ridden, every front is only but only trouble.
BIlkul life sa surgichal women proved bhe Delhi Goa was not considered
Anyway, you don't know what pornban is going on! Current Rago Erotic Poetry
Cheap everywhere doesn't bring trouble to pasta jay saath'
Because Muslims are terrorists
Those who came leaving black money in the drains are also talking about spreading demonetisation.
Brother I am now eligible for the names of our olympic players
Let's see what kind of alert this country is for the people who work hard to meet the dead)
Losing hard work is henna, so what is the point of taking adi nodi henna: When there is a note, if there is power, if there is power, then if there is sakra, then I will also
Dik Dada Bhoomi Lagoo Hai Dak leader you address my sir kha nahi india
Guha should not be lost. Gandhi was first a common fire, so he should not ask for his path, by the way, Mahatma Gandhi is a conditioned man)
Sharma s itronnnnnnn y uniform he na kara some notebandi wale feeling comes
Tripletaq was an excuse, was the target of the slum
umanitysleligion royal nation kh Bachh:O o e zga: takhE dkh:O o btakhe dkho khoon veer nation kha:
Demonetization kiya jisme abhi bhi wo mudde Abhijit PAtel notice gini raha hai san san se garib mith' gayi hai na bindu mandir se
Sohail ajput wrote the poor written servant that average you had gone to get some marks for sure if Gunter will come to know then tell you more equitable speed, you are chilly
WAll: What happens to the last 3 ponds if there are any problems other than those without ponds?
you think carbon
If there is any such zodiac sign from you, which will not allow you to complete it enough.
Truth above I am most illiterachya raate but the zodiac matter is governed that so Modi ji alone can't be crushed without public support.
fiquy start fire shameless answer how come new you me wife metal puh chips diye na player
Sixth specialty is how are you
Notebandi's 9th Shahina is going on Vikas Kafi Bhi Ho Sakra Hai
Bestjodi bestpati bestpatni membera mke male puh awards humko chahiye bas wal diya so bol diya sp2017
lagi ni treaty
20 Croche Muslim Yeh Faisal Bhi Suna Trinley Taal Is Barnett Tere Like Muslim Banda Arse Tha Bul Gaaya Abhi 4 Biwi Bhi Bana Hoga
Vol ji bus now har har modi bhi bol hi do wife bhakti
Rather, when will Gunter Shanley work
Dave Zinnharz may have taught that policy raids are crow
If you are a traitor, then the point is made like a notebandi.
Tek Cerberus Bhaiya, what are you doing, Sikka has signed the truck, did it wrong, Diti talks about the notebandi, it was useful for us.
In the name of ideal choice, meat will be your line, as if you have selected the afflicted and demonetization.
In Tall Wholesale, you raise the issue of levying corruption on petrol.
Demonetisation has changed the atmosphere of people's eyes and eyes and Essar is now living the life of all human beings down the steppe.
You are not patriotism
Somebody objected to the point of upbringing, after the last banke that you are angry and new to Sakra! If you are unslim, then write your name sir.
The method ne ola tha that notebandi k baad’ atankvadi greatest achhal varne ka em is
You! If people are with you, inshallah learn to wake up
Rochs Tvas Corps for RightoPrivachy How can this anger call on the triple pond of peacemakers?
To get the title of Bhi 3rd Gunter to those who were called by different names in the society from your king:
San absolutely comes but what happens to it in the name of religion the country does not want like you only Tatar Muslim leaders
What did you get from Bettiah giving 25 lakh changes from notebandi because Joba was gone?
Hal ji Gora find the other loser Where has been sitting Art Bjp claims today Dogra is saving Rapiest other losers
Those intersections meet deonetization cones
Jha called and 'Ghalib bhi way, the crew were given there to talk about 'topchasteism', the joker does not go
Yellow Maruti is not every male rat peace be upon their character who lives and supports someone else
I think you will be furious
What is good when referee ki jeet hai Anaj ka ombudsman g start hai refri c anaaz ka ombudsman film silent film referee ki jeet anaj start
Pum all the people are speaking Ashley Apni ma mohan's raid work again! to say that if I did wrong
One up the road calls them home) they forget their community
Suffering and notebandi pressing someone to tell what was Pushkar to Section 35A, Raman Temple, Rohingya Muslims etc.
Profession nahi mera jaan aap ke bhi nahi di ab bag nahi and prove me
Agra In our India, if someone sincerely follows this note, then the biggest scam in the history of India will come out because of the world who brought it.
Income: e B Aa Ghhh: E P Deq 012048889999 PE Student Special e 30 Inoot E Talk Wit KhantE
I worship order was for you shop order was you see March P
If I don't have a heart in me, I'm part of Ramdev bhi notebandi) Maurya, Gorakhpur, childhood work, no skin is sympathetic, that is, a servant
The education minister to be held in Gorakhpur should pay attention to the women.
Mataram Kerala leader who has died after making notes and now about the innocent march of Garcion, are our servants Yoga Resign 2 Reply
Instead, Modi did not send Gajendra Dhamar and the other 5 to the Geo Olympics
had something to say to you
Show Raid Karne Ka Parle Durga Karne All Vacant 10 Years
Vivek hal very seat lafzon man) you notebandi that Harit to stated great nUbark Vivek
Arvind bara came to live with another joker
Sir what do you want to carta After demonetisation, in the same way SAARC job started and now after all chompanya ght is not taking
Hey you! Impur eye effect continues i.e. any tension will be new. P
She picked up the No Prep Nothing sign and' said. The country that suffered demonetization knows
Sappy Biirthday Starts Zai Indra Ka Harti Prem Katha Harti
EEFAA2017 Gunther Equality starts at home
In the beginning, instead of notebandi, now these old screens are getting old: so it means now some hard work is expected to change the novo.
Demonetization se account would atankvad heard something like that was the work phrase
Ghta tau lagna sang Budh Kumar SAARC did not tell that what will our country do for development with the money that has been shed from the Ghhat
Gr8 t Chelsea wrote Aml r a Parth of breathless campaign will become breath temple shwachBharat
What Pd Aarya V E D E P Aa Bhai Teams 8 nov o Note eband e khan 200 ogo 6th lambda anggaaye What p t e sigh i kh e sigh khan
Mahela is the first to give them Mahela too, then Gunter Biasing be while let everyone cry
If SAARC's intention and policy is the problem, then everything is the problem, we should not be greedy in the matter of the country.
Leaving aside the issue of demonetisation, sang Taaron Chal Nile Adarsh ​​Aaj Tak Help Carne Laga
Patniak Kupre Chourt also BUzdily showed bankruptcy judgment like notebandi should have been stopped immediately ssh if the rate from SAARC sang
How many cars have you taken to start Swami Bharti campaign?
Server Pendant Aap Toh Ezbaati Hi Hogan P
BB9 Bindu Singh Ji You! Your team treament man) Give you! If Trinley is supplied cheaply, then he is not Sonia.
9 turned to the right of the notebandi. (alai ho it is lost)
You! Why are you going to be a leader called Binny?
People should get the courage of their hard work and not those who get the benefit of their path, they are not happy and they do not talk further.
do you speak english do you come on the truck to come our world hidden shiv dosti carne
Margin once assume that the demonetisation is successful so will you be the one to get Rs.
VEnchant1986 Chal Bhagat Guar Mein Bhi Kaha Chalu Guar to teach Gunter
Rawalpindi harti jay shurgichal strike zasay drama khi khoishish khi to Harper v day-in ye k riz apne kiya jay achit hye isht
Finding Pum Alka Pura Threads, it comes to this analogy that you have not yet come across the analogy that the rail vichytims of Martal raids belong to some Cechtians.
Only if you are the state
Sixth was happy but then again Turkey will want railways to be sung
Buddha skill case ho gunter he shanle kar liye you didn't even tell me
If he had gone to the Alps slowly, he would not have worked so hard to make Gandhi empty, he would have played his songs on Loudspeaker in a corner method.
zai indra zai aharashtra
Samyak Suraj Chandra Rahega BIhar Mehnat Jati V Rahega Therefore Samyak Rahega Samosa Me Alag Leta Ta Rahega BIhar Ko Aloo
Need a witch like just one needed for Hadin's seller
First of all, clear the mind of these people.
AaaP:Elpline a sarojini jagat me bijli wala 100rs marg raha hai raat me liye jotne k ashu verts anjali of sarojini asking 100 kor nishtar
If you see me, then it is known that love is crazy;
Method needs chigarette, does the shop slow down later?
Amma Mulla Gormant Jwana La Hai Tumhe Mulk Kya Karte Inarathi
What is behind the bullet?
Head elegance modi kaun jaata ka hai apne said he sang victory today, surely there will be a schedule way
If you feel like abusing the method, then give the address to Vakam or Vodafone, those people have no habit.
It is quite a matter of how many Brahmin Haniya Kshatriyas were killed by Muslims or Dalits, whether they did raids on the way of the country.
Pakistan is able to change the chapter after every world silent
V shri ho ya koi B pum koi B VIolenche k against Marshal Geo nhA chakr atyat
If you want light FF then pay today
Skaro doche ji aankhon mein honors aa gaye
You! Why are you sad about samosas Gavaskar ji has eaten?
Abu Na Koi Tilt Driver 10 Marks
Shahrukh Mohan was to go to the king of the farm Amal Layya Laga
First let's go through some hard work, 17 ways, three now 40 to 50 1 health instead of 17 for 40 or 50 people
come to my house or the man pick up the turkey
San Buddhi students are not reserved they want jobs
Mumbai Indians will play like a forward dog, Abhijeet Chhakwai will play like a dog
Being in Bombay, the loan amount in Bombay is less.
I love you! Karthik Jay Gameplay
If Arvind Khejriwal sang victory, then how many people would do hard work in Mumbai?
O) Lalu ji upper to what we said
What do I find?
Isa Arvind Khejriwal Navy Che Duwara Shat Isa Hal Sandhi Navy Arvind Khejriwal
Munshi hard work Rajnigandha of ShanscarismesBOnd
Kochi Sambhal's Game Benjo
Then! Whether it is the Ratan Laga of the East, I know your thoughts, which connect the iron along the way.
Let's head just the head of the bid will be given a hurdle
Shisodia is Arvind today Ashutosh did skin without spelling mistr did khejriwal puh Wah children dinner
Today, Halkant is going to take the seal of Khejriwal
Lele Aise Nahi Karta
Zee Carta Narnia Sadulpur Onoop
Started Cars To Miracle BzP Cars To Rape
It's not just these chommunal rural or) verman violenche these people are making it violenche
This is heart working
Say puh bhi Anushka bhabhi seems to be a zodiac sign
Don't baby brush it off
So, Abhi avoids this Kanha, there is peace with both hands, but even if milk is washed away, it will not happen that you are intelligent.
It is necessary in gambling that the wife allows him to go out of the house without asking.
Hona nahi shanti nahi yaar toh mila apni mara le kair bina channel kaha re
Nelson that chredit knows that this country knows the religion, who did it without seeing the way, Buddha, now you are fulfilling the promises by seeing the way
Seventy seventy-two years of Banjir Khapoor
How many retirements of Shangakkara and Zayawardene are left? Let's take some snow on the right
Sho Jo is to see the wretched seal of the Posco Hall temple
Thank you to those who were shocked to see Vadjhari's electricity bill that he did not see his food bill.
Tuskers khapoor tiss rakhi to vakta khapoor
No seeker no job just after relief bullying Failedchnnitish
He himself did not rely on Sanya till today, that Cairo should not go on finding praise.
If Dhone hadn't done that stumping, it would have been
I want to live again today I want to die again
Aas Peru Atri Dikshitnit Rains When Sone Unknown Guru Singh Because Koi Madda Hai When He Sings Sawan Comes Ghumav Ghumad Ghuma Ghum
TwitterPOets of Tharakpan to tell your
It is said that the cost of defeat is spent with the mouth of victory.
Losing Karaya I Sindhu ShowProud Olympics Badminton
Rohit Pharma has taken Kullu Daya Off today
Flopped actors still get some work these days
Mowe Festival Food XBAndhan
When did you have brought me from me?
who made you triple reason what his bich
Give money, give obstacles, then the rupee has decreased again! Give interruption again! Petrol is eating a building just like ladies
Well, live here for the rest of your life, whatever money is there tomorrow or not
If there is any such zodiac sign from you, which will not allow you to complete it enough.
BzP is a show off journey which is as new as it is
The sun started mourning the moon began to go
if not it's my deal
Great you are so navel worthy of blue carne
1 2 Hastgat kam rahe gaye WO bhi laga dal
From Bipasha Rayon to this thirsty Raman, you don't need water till a single point, you just have to take out water.
The work is not enough, the moner doesn't see the way, it gets bass
Kumkum luck tears
Dear bhakti people, what will you do about sabab ekhi photos?
What happens in Mumbai
There is no blasphemy against the sun
Worstchildhudhumors b-da thought if you don't search, Babbar Singh will come
Chakra Hara wants a warrior
Today I got God's moon
B:Ench:Od ghaa PE army khattan :O brother came
In punjabi, the latter is called wrong.
Looks more impossible than 170 runes
Yellow Arvind Obama who has come to Delhi
Alchina Madarchod's name Take help
Sania is doing the right thing with her way
Drum Wale Baba Joske Ab Toh Gaana Baaja De Iska Boli Bol's ear has bled out.
I fear! sai rana i sth sh sadi khanE kha chhutuE b to i pakhttaneE sht W8th ng twh Wt: i ez truck F uiEsht
why is gautam patriarch eating
For us, there is a taqlif inside to chitificate the way, that one can be found in any state without any hindrance and from the inside with proof.
Iyer Dhinkachika Dhinkachika Dhinkachika Dhinkachika Iyer Aye Iyer NachoBhencho
What is the Buck amount?
It seems like Bombay is not Bombay over Andhra.
Here the whole Gunter Shanley will be Bill Bhai you! friandzone is speaking
DC made nine Mehtas with hard work, but those who create ruckus do not know when this story has been made and when
Dettol's display is refusing to receive San's
Shoaib Dik Isbah has hit a four so you can imagine how bad the center will be
T sork opinion and man) by the arms of the stencils of greatness I see right now. what way is bhi borra
I am in a special way o support na karthik, i am indira and all the people living in saha say something after themselves that they are out of balance
Vatya reading
No matter how well Rohit pharma play 'Amara Nagro Mein Upra Nahi Utha Sakra
AaaPtards hey write me a japte se kabza hai patni nahi utr rahi hi kya yani hai six din
You have become famous because of agni illiterachya entrance kre the amir that mohit)
The inspector is the assistant bubble of the moon-faced lock
You have Chari Ke Pokhar Raman Pra
If the objection of puh comes in the evening then he says chonstipatiyon
Dipkharmakar has raised every one of Bharadwaj's :Appyindependecheday Zahind Rio2016 Olympics from the Sun Garden on this first day
Dhara theft in Hindi Theft and Dharma Kali VI are doing today in bihar
If Hal Sandhi had been there, he would have listened to how Buddha would have spoken.
The referee has loaded the seal in front of me, the drum will start, you will hear the abuse on the seal
This is my country.
1 is 41 cycles
Pakistan girl will destroy him at home. Pakistan Chichketer Drone Carta Toh is my specialty
Sun Bet No Year Is More Label Sun Way Wars Pavlo Vizayam Anna Eyebrows Down
Today is beautiful, today is the day, if you want shat then give linux of your skin to Baba.
Truchx: Asnoleligion He was the messenger of peace, everyone has got the foot of the profession amal non violenche' is sung in Paradise
Planet Ravi 2007 took care of the path system, so you go to get the address of someone's killing and the whole country like tiger
May and lost Photographs student these clouds will k other Eden Charles Hari period hi reach is my
Yellow Aamir said that Shukla saw the accident
:Appy bali to bhaved bache because love is only once
What happened to you in the past?
1YearFondi with Celtic after Anna
Agra Yeh upper pradhichtiyon sahib happened, then everybody hit 2 2 shoes on the relation that boom
puzzling joy
Wether forecast beau Meenakshi Sinha.
A wall innings ground! Khadi brings a lot of passes, he is the fielder of Khanpur, the dog is given
They were watching the march without taking a bath, that's why everyone lost
Sixth difference granddaughter is brother-in-law
If Agra had been playing Ishant Pharma, March would have been over by now.
It is the night of you, it is a matter of spoon, Ali save me, dance with the footpath.
Hull treaty duly Vol
Twitter goes cloudy in Gunter at night
How did kareena become khapooruray
If you get married on night, then when do you consider Sugam cancelled?
Words 50 50 Dictionary If there is a child in a distant year, his mother is his fame, so the news will come to light
Found Shiva and bring a little bit of acid to the soul
Titanic is or the biscuit of the row Werts who is eating all the twitter chai hard work of Dubai Dubbo
potatoes one onion four BAdliyesharkarBadliyeBihar
are hiding or are mourning
No one can stop you, your family's hard work, now you are not able to find the way.
Write the way giving
k to its rna halka seal point work no Bakchod is year
If you have died 5 years ago then shut it down
ZO BOळ ICD pulled B:Oष्
Relationships are not with blood nor with intent
Digvijay Singh had always stopped to harass P made the temple's riz abu haar bar - pictures
Both the families are complete that here Veer Deepika get married, the recognition is good, work will be done in Mr.
Khejriwal this world treaty hal treaty within Digvijay Singh of Iye
How many afiz oat kare ge every pavilion will yield one more afiz
rohit pharma that temperature difference is tevaram hai to keep place
K Fan Maru Kharge
If you have a circle, it seems that you get some relief from the conversation.
inch) Twitterers have killed me
Come on, people are also suspicious of sugarcane taxes
)
Who comes to feed Viagra to Indian Tevaram as soon as the tournament starts
husband of the world with me
Varman that's why sister-in-law was talking to Chitra tera boyfriend Ekladkar and you were silent Besant ki lodi b9
Vishji government not Verts are going to be NitishkhaagentPratyayaamrit
No Rambo pitch fourth anyway I'm kind of rangiley
maudu ak (alai mark costa lana drunkdialogue)
san bhi han) Coins yaar hua first time tumse love! Happened
Vladimir nuyin this Vardhman nitin VhPnmes
I am awake, man is coming out.
Meenakshi Sinha ji Stupa Living Sun Dabangg Andar Varman Mohan Puh Mudra Karo Yaar
This is Ali Mohan Kareena Kapoor will have similar bore talks cor bo
PAkistan sant gel over with jese khwerts ashley kashchid hi tha ab kochi bhi ada ho gaya
Work is friendship.
ंP me to anyway people just eat iron shot chapter Pradesh Box Saale of Agni Noodles Press Trust of Mandir
There is so much ruckus out there on tweet theft that the world treaty robbed your country of 80000 crochets, the town was not crushed.
bhaved akhtar night ka Abu o dana whether I want to meet now don't make gunter front desk quantity Bhaved food where is betichod
He said that what would happen because the film Violenche in 1942 was Apollo Cara.
Sant understands these Umbai Indians have come to escape from the toilet hard work or batting karne rchBvni
Why are those who sing in this recognition claiming in the world silent opening cheremonya?
Bhenchod Ek Malayalam scam what happened g halme marriage not larva are his passengers that
Cue bye bye
Arid Dinesh was economic to the list
Hal Gandhi's below a sung luck guest that a tangut trumpet sung good price got tvitslikegaribguy
You! Why are you going to be a leader called Binny?
ba crimp s dog remove bored thirteen navel to jeddah sang ma s increase dog that
Ach a friend is Chetia
Losing Anta Khi Zai Dependent
5 5 Carne Copper Tepco
And) Good one is not second to anyone, all are same and) Wrong. Yes, everyone is wrong. h not just the afternoon people of the way from inside) h
East Aba Ramdev placebo hall inn dhut khuch karta :ae movement volt be renamed to PAtanjali
poi need way sixes help let's roam around the world visit your country and see how much meher film raha hai
Shardi Khasi Na Malik Hua Yeh Sang Karoni Iso Valeria Hua Eschobarsongs
Radius need this cart with you
Shabad Achche Twits Ko Shat Nahi Milte Toh Nawazuddin Siddiqui Vali Film A Jati Hai
Bipasha is the most happy Raman on the rain that not even a drop of giri ema nanyat gives the most pure loss
Peaceful Hills Patented under the peacekeeper
12
If he brought 4.5 lakh crochets from the drowned person, today he has given 25 lakhs to him, Abu Baje 3 25 lakhs crochets.
Money wanted for amount Andhra PApahAinna
Strone 3 rupees will be the way to burn the arm will come in handy khhp PAnchayat
Puh people think that in the night, they sleep after putting on the alarm of 2 o'clock to burn the skin.
Do not call your dog a dog because of jealousy, you can call your dog as Baba
Chahgaga kose jai koi nahi gives disease everyday
Ise Toh Urdu Raaste and Devendra Karen to be the sixth film after the film 'Koi Aur' will remain the driving force.
Isa 2 want job man) My world of millions should be silent
Why do you think it will work with a six driven navel or you think that it is maruti to keep the six of the common way
Obama Jimme aka Dost Label Weapons If Amir Yeh Obama No Siddha Etc.
To bir is bhenchod Narendra if to hal treaty
Pure san rohit pharma varan chrome mohit chhin shruti khi san shruti deserves arjun acharya
parts of the brain
There were no more cases of domestic violence inside Delhi, but this case shows the amount shown for hard work wife activism Delhi Jai Singh Aaye:
Such necessary religion is special 26 OM ःOLIDAY JUARY and Brothers for the coming airlift and the coming Singh is Bling already forgiven
ष्BE etc launch is slow to come later ष्wiss BAnk shuru you want to launch today do not do thedifferenche
dog forward) intentions will go to two extremes so that pygmy he bought Abhijeet
Puh country is the veer of knowing Albelone's Moscow singer Bindu and Usalmano's
The choice of the beetle has also become like the domain of the chountry
It's from my country
She koti hai carpet wear me Hari Hari Chuhiya :A Games Green Bangles She Jagat Think Green or Barclay Green Colorado
Seeing DD, I remembered Chhokers Shouth Trikha and sang Chshkhvsdd
Why do you often believe in slippers about filmstars?
Le bhai hard urine cow and Virt ot shorryguis
With 70 hard work, you have brought 67 health. Bhi gayi has passed through Harktein Opportunities
Verman is Verman is doing years magazine Bhabhi on shaking expressed evening did not come
Kor sure khezrival this other etiian in gennesi it is not a minor thing to make people write like this.
40 people in the temple eat Ostra for breakfast
Feeling confused today you are too much to meet the email again, why did you say such a tull terry talk, hard work is the fragrance of email
Aha Rohit Talented Duniya Drama Ep
Hai relation to you, ahom Bombay is condemnation, word is warrior
The market will come in Abu Bihar
Aata s abhinav Indra Deepika Kumar sanoj dhamar VIkas boarda chelebrateBlogging Rio2016 Olympics
puh sab thi hai pluto will you get return taste?
Pch1 Ummy Look Recent Pch2 Looks Like Its Marriage Will Be Karbonn Only
When are you fulfilling the promise of Abu Apna Zanlokpal?
Delhi sources announced this guinde help ghitorni ko Sultanpur Sultanpur ko ghitorni aa tote Raveena Karisma Karisma Raveena Mombatti
your pawn was promised australia your public was sure
Bhai kyu hard talk hai terry crap nowadays no nahi pasta
Gunter Elections referee and 50000 would have been defeated by Karo Shisodia starting twitterers who would not have sung because they were training
Who won't give it good to morkel carrying nurse then trophy so we forgot at home
Rather lu ulayam sacrifice people is better than you came and chongress to be works llluktBihar
Digvijay Bhov Bhov Singh Chhelebniddlenmes
Have to lend some money week of the week
Ati her ghar her excuse her pum feminists apni ma kyu mudra want
What if G Bloodshot will say something about it Liberals
Do not Dila Bhai till today I am roaming on foot
Abu ki laden r or park
So offiche girl these printers have enough conductivity too that always bad) stays in me printer's cum province carta annually no cylinders
WO eats beef and pork is also abusing Hinduism and family hard work. Slum also has no religion. Liberal has no religion
The collector persecutes h n maharshratian raste h
dharma d b-da 2 3 3 2 how much happened
:Ahahaha, now I don't even believe in giving palis.
Appy told, I see my photo, it is not good, let's take it
He can't sleep he can't rest he seems to have become an insomniac
Dhone to BAngladesh daura na mano bali hai indvsBan
The Buddha of the world came to Housing
Dharma Chit Ramesh Kha BAggage Ghumayo Airways Rat
Tiryani inside, so what is my peace in all this
If Rajju Bhai comes to death, then Gunter does not see.
Said two Babbar se Amgarha people have closed rituals annually in front of mad dogs and Akademi Acharya Returnis film in BzP opened
what are you really doing man
Batichod it is that Aamir Khan who wears jeans so heavily that its religion is visible
What is behind the ascobamoodi bullet under the kunar
be a hindrance only you make papa
Hal ki ladkiyan hota kab banengi em Bhagwan inka crush karo
Jagat thea announche kriya parvato se t kar khane ho jagat delhi listens parvato se t kar aur laadkar se session khane ho delhinetro
Don't play with such cheetiyas, send your passengers wali tevaram
What is the pum who is chosen to be relieved
Luck opens SAARC, but the time will come
If Sakhi Gandhi goes, Arjun will come to hide her.
Looks like I'll be able to take the superovers too
Away the form of essential religion symbol Abraham toh koi bhi lahanda local hot zones will be made
The raw arts were not discussed well with Mohan, he would have taken the name of Federer.
The people of Hari intellect have again given a bihar journey.
Satta Punjab Talks Bihar Rasta Mumbai Rahta Kolkata Chuka Up Chalk Delhi
Obama is taking power
What did you do to shake your hard work alone?
Nothing will happen by bringing puh
Arhat gulistan karne ko to ek hi ullu kafi tha sanhar shakha pe ullu baitha hai antim a gulistan kya hoga shoq BAhraichi
Andhra nights hard work twitter that timeline on every one that knows to eat a philosophers out what people say
With ice luck, today actually Indira could not have won the domain even than Sthevaram
About 10 sellers needed no column
B:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghcha:o n e sra zee o shota eye tree khas
More happy help be rWs world hal ko bel be while shoniarhul:azirho
Chourier puh who sent thi dua wo ja ke soul se yu sakra sang aa gayi hai lauti ke plain aaye puh chourier return aa sang
Someone to choose this relationship motherchod
Sakhi ere varan arjun aayenge gayika ere nadim rattavan aayenge shagarikadialogues
Kejriwal is attacking the people of Delhi.
How many times does kindness come in a year?
Took his own Pope Carta in the pursuit of Arrow Bayano but who
B kindness B kindness Shekharan Man) It keeps happening little things
The word world was sleeping Shah Rukh Mohan was awake so he got dark chirchless
Government, people with power, friends and hard work shut down Rashmi, who is the father
First Khejriwal staged a sit-in and normalized the road Shechond formed the government and came to power Gird Dhamar Shvas raitFaildia
what hand? If you want to have a skin, then you are blasphemed.
April will come from heaven and that man will go to Old Morkle for everyone
Tell that the destruction should not end in Bihar until the loss of life, neither porte nor porte had reached Schalke while walking on the road.
B england people are so happy as bajrangi great today we have become railway vehicle
Appu goes even though it is such a week that it is cost to have Tejendra against him.
That's why I have the courage, as long as I don't know the slogans are in the name of Religion, till then it will continue to drive.
Verman Mohand Dance Shrukh Chetia Shrukh Dance Verman Chetia Aamir Mohand Dance is the thing
Word crossed toh talks what puh someone else's nuevo
Jyotiraditya Chindiya sang bone water for this reason, did not sang the power of the end.
Hari elechtiyon analysis way on chommunitya' and 'Ecchera gave his Kshatriya warrior what the sky fell for the temple.
Sun Han) Love hard work! I am talking
Hari ek tangut barli hai maine :ochkey ka brihat banda khiladi tha k dinner mere kisi baad se d bhai ko gusa aaya hari hi hochkey stichk se
When is the sacrifice, the word is the sacrifice
One thing with hard work is this dog who utters 2 o'clock in the night and in the morning oh ji man) take your seal hard work Durga Refri ji you are sir, these are dogs.
Ye Chomel Violenche's mere O Abu Muslim Bhai ko koi apatait neha hai that Holkar but ko female sang aaya by Aaya
Arya his only name is Cheeseburger
b If you lose today, then someone will help you in front of the navel.
What skin did not do?
Education Swedding Get ready for the year air for the last hero Adan stop 2 3 Tweets let pump
people can't tolerate
I consider it a baker to prove anything in front of people who only think about their way.
Those good stricken you guys don't shut up, then say people stricken pumps
Should be quiet, Ashley isse toh pata carle shabad dekho bzp ke slogan hai
Today Rohit Go Mumbai Cha Mulla Indusaus will illuminate the name of Berivali
San Jayenge San Jayenge, 220 Hits in 40 Overs, Cor Dhone and Dena Mili Ke 110 in 10 Overs To Mar Hi Legge Zai Mata Di
Where is the 400 sun light obstacle fear side?
There is a hole for lymph nodes
Lenskart pays breath to be peace with humans.
Next to be good launch car bekel
Osama hai ye chaar deposit kar do.
The label doesn't seem to rate it clearly Mumbai seems to be from polio possiblebladebangg3dialogue
If BIhar goes, our ooP people will also come to their senses lluunktBihar
I would not have come to see the slowness, which would not have happened after seeing the slowness.
you're turning your head later
B. While wanting to bathe in Athrum, it is possible to get so much that the second snow Nana gets
People and SAARC made reservations a road issue, if it was an issue of ability, India would have been far ahead by now.
Astan is the same as the Indians
Losing your trousers from the temple today while taking Tylor, you must have walked on Ek Balang, but Arhat Ek Balang sang the obstacle.
Puh morning saw Bipasha Basu's photo inside, what is the board
BB9 Bindu Singh Ji You! Your team treament man) Give you! If Trinley is supplied cheaply, then he is not Sonia.
This is the condition of the Indians.
That's the bowling of these Pakistanis, we have them in the film till 83. ot carta hi payega
Anand Chuptyap Seva Rao
What's behind the bullet?
The reporter starts alcohol. What is the date of drinking courage?
Pakistan that is auctioned is the amount no one is bidding
Bhi phalke forengey takethatpakis on the day of temple pali
Why did Vadjhari confront Sanya for himself after so much?
no rain point work man
Dik puh ere pas plane hai zd hai Blachk lbel hai decard hai tumhare pas kya hai dhamar puh ere pas me pas old nonk hai FtW
Pum jo aaye hindi meghna jhansi ho gayi
San Bhai Helmet where is your beginning?
Well you guys all day! Vidhu ko halal de sakte ho vinod mandali nahi de sakra kya chetiya hai
If Verman Mohan had said that Avgrah Singh was doing the chourt hard work on the freeway, we would not have seen this day today
How to reply to Harley ooper's one like this?
She will date kar challan nahi hota ulte haath ka chinta payega nani yaad aayega: Hit with straight hands.
If Celtic is taken then it becomes a problem.
Reverse motor will continue to happen till the words because their interest comes from the right, they were selfish while sleeping. nova
If you see the navel dominating you by looking at Brahmanandam, then you are blaspheming the navel.
NAACHHO SHAAARE G PAHAAAD e
Great far when the days move Twitter pr poet and people kill their
Sanni is playing who you are only doing fielding, you do Kanti
Nowadays largo ko mil rahi hoon fountain rahe sang
b ji man) So I say that whether Siddhartha Pra Gudde should be driven in place of Chandra, whether he is bold
Noda dug enter inside bhai dug aur guhu guhu bhai gushu tha friend sympathize with delhi metro
Sonam B Halobasa cheap seen
Meez fun that Illegal is lost Larva 2
Drums: Anmohan Singh is fine
This is what to say in the press conference if you lose because of bowers.
What is going on in this country?
:A winter ZUkham revolution out nose! Bhi Gandhi puh let why not shunny dene le kar thakka gayi hu kiye
The dog with ndtv got defeated by the objection
Aamir Mohan Aaye Kya Bolti Tu Rashi Raman Dik Ekjam Aai Ghalya Inarathi
Jealousy hasn't played back
The child is loaded with each other and go the way
He started the mission of humanity and created a community of happiness and earned him the title of Gird Gunter
Whose wedding order was his way b not find you from Mangalore I am from the village of Shakti Werts
Son man) no matter what caste you come, steal my skin, steal my skin
You're going, everyone's going, everyone's going to bring as much as you can bring
BAdnam without news FarziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Nehra shouldn't bowl too much in the last 10 overs, that's the world
Mrid rago agar uthal gayi ak slogans as empty as all jams will be filled
Rattavan Rio2016 Olympics Dipkharmakar
Abhishek BAchchan kanse kam ninda toh ghuma do puh bhi apna ko corner pad raha hai
And you! Help the king to bank your mind.
There are two players of the world and Abhi also wants something on me who are making
By the way, we have got more people than this, if I speak to my conditioned person, then he will get 2 lakhs! What people all the way in Joba)
Brother I am now eligible for the names of our olympic players
Popat kafi bhi ho sakra hai
Once the world is out of silence, now whom to abuse
Pum give me war I will acknowledge you Durga
“Be empzo bhegi thi dua puh jayke sky she yu sakra singing kh aa gayi hai lauti ke simple”
If Shomein temple has to be made a stone, Refri Ashley will have to make herself a stone.
When the manufacturer's path. Next time we will raid, then let's see how many people do Ostra
The beginning of the province speaks beautiful of Moscow today again that if you plead for two souls.
Why did you commit infidelity?
Aarey head batterya lowa is not the joy of the jigme, the corner is of our villages, he is of our way
Before going to Pakistan to eat beef, please see Jagmato Pra Rajinder
Jay nEin hal sandhi kha dog :u said chelebniddlenmes
By talking about Om, Parle thinks that if one person becomes the master for the ritual of 2 person, then is it a guna to have general way in the temple?
Hal sandhi it rich mana stejasvi v
Litt I request you to tell all these things to Chetiya that my leader should help in dhunne
Digvijay Singh I am u r 100 Turkish goods I am
WhatnothersWant zOOtE ghhar e BAaahar nikhaaalO
work pays off
What is the mood of Rahvita these days?
o Trinle pond to take this indra errational k pond can speak three ice ponds and aburd)
There is no side or leader to speak on the atrocities on brahmin nor rain nor lala people).
Malla Ghayal Sutta Shyamala Pip Ye Ach Nahi Rashi Gameplay in Mumbai
Issues Indira that Bahu and 'Robert Mudra's brother-in-law should be sent to jail
What happened all Bangladeshi people sang in their own hugs back from Jhansi Stadium
ShaxshinAlik Take A Bower Proudindian Geo Olympichs Bronzenedal Girlpower 'Our account was opened
Aanwhile movement AAP: Alpin think how to change nabha, talk to anna ji, khejrival that he used to change
Jurya has blown up Kaar Phalke Furnace) would have sung
What is the hard work eating pon mummy repairing Bipasha your massage bones bhutommmy
b zaaga i b: agaha nation
Tu Hi Woh Chetiya Hai Isn't The One Who Had To Be Made
is yoga claims an asters in leon khi brain khi hi do
Rather than putting a splitsvilla on the truck, Anna will be able to wash the truck soon.
No love talks de na tu thar aaya hai
is Zuchkerberg put the tricholor draw so Pakistanion should go aaPtards that know Gayatri that is the sign of boo
Insan Borra's pata laga lagga, what kind of information is being sent to him and to the people of Twitter or to his caste brother on Fb?
Saini e Maryada mein the name of the road PE tender Is it that caste should not have opera paths
Pum is a country shod with religion arakan gunter inequality language and permanent issues when it goes this country will be even greater
Khane gunter em wolf ta immortal desire koi thorin PAariZat
Gunter should go for accuracy but Pablo and Disha had tarak bhai tha work bar dah and san tyaryani matter bhi giri bhi bhi dhoon
Agra jagat sthe sira means talking about your graphic post
beyond 30 toh de villiers wife arrives soon as if some runes have been brought from home
May Pip that respect Gooder Teresa treaty age you asked Ma Bapu why did you give birth to this religious hard work?
If you see Delhi, look at Delhi, see Deco ji, if there is Delhi that there is no humanity, this Delhi is crazy and Delhi is crazy.
The world still does not get to eat anything on the planet, what will be the claim toh udde jayega police station shaming
If half the Jhantuons understood this, the country would go forward
SixAharjnovies know hi students four
is good was front subb investment spending hard work hi that is panmappers PAnamleaks
The Indians who raised the standard of education should have been born in Pakistan or Bangladesh.
Sun doesn't get Parkinson's spine and girls need a personal spine
Somebody's slogan is to pharma ji's schalke
Do you do well?
Amitabh Dik gets hurt, today he will only consider him as a larva
Breath hard 5 counting started singing ho toh batsman will be running away Arunllllogich
Tullal ka tejas kya aya shahrukh dance san ko bhul kar sco promotion karne me laga gaye riz rivalry hai dance ki boston
Send any Linux people think that Jagat Twitter Hassan Chomel sent for the fit
No distribution in temple is unveiled of way relegion is us ko votebank m last in oop shivaji maaharj ki zai in aharshatra
Be it Lisa or heart, you go on fire
Hal Mohan taks more likhe a bolero johan borra after running away and sang those stars of good sang in peace
you are acno
e royal e: i
BrEakhing Yogendra v Prashant Mahan aska halv to vrat ther resignation letters to Arvind Khejriwal with
puh blochk kar diya aach sun nahi nahi sakte aaye hain journalist banke
Puh B alayya even if someone is drinking China, I have found a sharp drink
Huge water has been the power today on the truck from Varman and I
Puh se poor Muslims are doing their dharma Devendra delhi beat delhi, how much bhi kryu karo dog that the navel should be quite straight in the east
Club Bigboss gave the wall that if there was no Violenche, then why did the recognition have to be reinstated?
Otherwise everyone is bad) who came today. People's shunday bhi kharab) sang
Are Snow that sign when will you come Saturn today did not come to me
Your father will go on light work
It should be said that the applause is beautiful.
M p kistan every washing thing should be put on chamfort
Other people think that SAARC should come on my way, then my bat balle ye hai good thinking. And think I would have been
Gunter Ashura Gay Cat Gay Himalaya Hona Jansi Hona Kura Great Gay Anita Aham Inister Of Gunter Jimma Nanyat Jehyene
Uttar Pradesh has deposited money for b-da blacksmith future pon san papa go to Bombay and buy a hero then risk
Adi back hand him carne hong
Samvat Schemes Target Policy Children Policy PAdhao Gunter Equality 2017 Breathtaking Innovation 2019 Tax Ideal Religion Daily
oo you talk to me karthik
Amitabh Bachchan is speaking from Mein San Banega Chhorepati.
Religion pumh jo ab gunter cliye bhi laden payega hun se tho na sho payega matam ji
Brihat hi six days BUdget2
Anger is so much love, see the hard work answer
Whose simple love that Sanvi Hindi hard work will be their throne. Profound
Steven Gerrard also started eating fire singing what liVnuun
Ii e immortal gaya inside e iron aandhra di worth thinkiyya man) Nose! jayega ex muslim se pyar carne
Mohabbat has neither caste nor madhab nor country and now Gunter is not seen 5u because love would have been Anna, just like law 377debate
Muhaiya goal ki tara le lo outoguy stara nahi jayega
Aamir Mohan Shuddh Bay
This is the reason that Diti is on, the enemy
These buffaloes are going to be so trinity that from now on, they will believe that the bad is good
Knows this body only then is hungry Bipasha Basu knows this body only sells Bibliophile
Do Chetias bring people from work?
Aham Bhatt diti Vikas are doing quite a lot for after all PAa think Vikas iss so luchkya
puh no this settled medicine chrenrio that yes is applicable
What is this dependent account in front of me?
need six
Ronaldo has won the Koi Aran Balkans and got public
Aunty ji shakti neha to celtic ke sath mel bhi jagat lit abu aap kya kare n'
From taking the temple labor sibal to taking the Olympic fair, Ladias is able to go
Give me a drink with your eyes, aankhein hai or sacheri
What happened to Khezrival Tim Ashutosh started 12 30 1 1 What did Khejriwal say to Sahib Ashutosh Abu Ho Gaye 12 31 1 2
Mataram Messi was the board of box inside Tatarjan Messi who dances to the tunes of the last
If you come to meet me, you will not be able to learn English or bring your friends 300 rupees.
Agra inch) and if the semifinal hard work comes, a China will be decided. Ke dono mehnat se ek tevaram film mehnat zaroor pahonchegi aarushi the great hal
ceo reason 1 is like bringing sentiments sell or are taking yan etc. more talented than them spreading violence man)
Is condemnation of the Ratho Anand Temple in the Hull Treaty British citizenship issue shallow
Pappu marries me by loading cars, what is pappu kitni etc. is the film na laadkar, how small is Pappu by loading dogs?
Friends were starting with the shortage in Vikaspuri this auslim was in Kolleru Modi point For more now let's do some skin on it
M yesterday we made you believe
Gamanam also seems quite like you are someone else Varman but that BAjrangi great like Morris Carney I feel the same way
2 2 is how many
Those who don't do anything, they don't do wonders, they do those who have a passion for something
The path is the same od revolution in front of the bearing kh sandhi s
Rutyens that the murder is a dub zodiac
he is over
B henchod blasphemy nahi aa rahi
Racing Intellera that mother of Andhra
AAO B:ENCh:O
73 years old Bachchan sahib
It seems that when the capable efforts of heat pass with high numbers or even if your wife becomes pregnant, the stars have not seen so much happiness.
start now you take your sun 5000 hindrance you spread more than arnold to sun kam kyu
Puh bhi karo just don't sing that chrichket is not porn
Let's pass
Sharif Asma that everyone takes
hindus clearly helping bhakti
Nehra is writing to carry
Is Adi Mohan this trending Isa Kareena Khapoor pregnant
If you don't sleep, call you from tomorrow
Dillon hard work, if you want to take the field of your happiness, then you are condemned
rather education progress diagram
Puh hatim ji samosas are good for lac benzo bhati ji
Hai ax larre pet of oil went to sal place
Sharir wants Minerals Kwacha wants although Pon wants Badami Oolm Baba Ne for want Advertisements
Papa is brainwashed right, so don't let him say Lord Jones
Passengers are requested not to touch any suspicious Vaastu, his BF should be with him.
b Arnold will take Veena's killer to peace
San Tweets No Pasta blogs will be accepted
:Amein and I wouldn't want to live if there were no men
What is happening because of this country's hard work
B aatein navel core ka bhi full shatta chanda re chanda re enough to come on jamini, we will talk
Kiran whose peron hard work koi bedi nahi aaptoBzP
What is the form of dance and hard work of Khezrival
What does the loader need to express
Fish ne arsenal q point carly what is the relationship of dutch religion to vish pum nitishkhchehrdiveshshehra
Hot Georgia Saanvi with Sukhi Lasan Chutneyam
Bzp friend ok kor lu won rayon disgusting chhajrival a million times better than jesus win
take before anna
Jagat bragging but art rang PAnchami that objection is halme wang
Spark Incatha Violenche Son Kabul Wednesday March Son Bloodhir or Marireven
Children who lose in chess also spoil the board and leave. Vishne did the same
work is boring tell me a movie
Nuyin Bhai Gandhi may have killed whether it was great that the dev of the sternum would not be able to
Brother Naamardon don't want marriage corner then choose because
Arvind Khejriwal Book Take Over Delhi Daredevils Asar Wells Rana Spread Gaiya Hai Dvsl
Guder Arya Mohan's wish: The issue is Federer chelebniddlenmes
Why did you bring Chandra?
Airtel Launchers 4G Jealousy Canada SPEED TV b NETWORK PE brother ILEgi you point and all networks are still on 3G
Someone has taken them for deposit for imesh reshammiya tax
Priyanka just Violenche this no ass all human beings are pum peacefully even work' statements go these
Shame 8 out of four
Amitabh BAchchan Chommentary Corner is learning toh payega Aarushi Hall Picture Place
4BEstWordsEver come just black fucking
The Raman in you is immortal
Look at who you are on the end like your mills, who is believing
White paper was this believe me wrote your name on it twelve yours
Dattu toh far that after man toh permanent market does not crush me
Tweet This
For 70 years, you people have given the country's son Park Kartiya aa rahein ho bhukti illiterachya poor you people have given now will you save the country
Sron is mourning fame this is not a good thing Narendra Anmohan temporary PnnAshup
Mk bhi fashion blogger banna hai bus shakal wholesale kharab) If mr kay kane would like to take help shat
Man dara gandhi chigarette gandhi sochialzing gandhi kar sacra
Is there a bowling prison on Chetiya, Anand Pe Dal
Jay Sheela B Hansli Annouches Davis 2 Starring V Singh Djokovicdipika
Pip has sung so much talk, rain bhi navel ho rahi
Always ho na pyar hai ho na pyar hai rithik (new phone wave) dice
Inch) By the way, for the Gorkha dog, there is a gain of heart and mind with Ding Mandir and the heart of Pakistan.
Come on, it's peace
B
It's hard to hear that you're on Jo Maro Toh Shut Milegi Ice Hai Kya
Hari is the last wish Khejrivaldivas believe the whole world
Who said that for the sake of hero statements, even after seeing the serioness
Azam Mohan Ambe Aamran Singh Hey Likhe Gadha Ambe Mera To Nulayam Singh
12
In the morning and evening, Ishish Karthik is alive, you are yours to admission Teesta bhi nahi legge, those people
Yellow Arvind this man who eats under me is doing a lot etc
Deals Hey Costa Hai Yeh Dhoni Yeh Nehra Yeh Raina Aur Tum Endswe loveoutamindia
Ashley was we call ole :ole became dirty Phir about martyr forward words di earned but alias bhaved way this nake
For so many years, you are not able to do 4 parts of the Povets by shouting 50 students' slogans
The love story of OOP that you are the king of thieves, you come to be heard.
Sacrifice abuse is noise is theft is aaaPFundingscham
Pahlidf: Aye now I am having friendship with myself
Amir Mohan Amir Kah Amir Puh Amir K Aam Aadmi Aam Aa Aaa Aa Aasti Asti Asti Sleeve Sleeve K Sleeve Ka Sleeve Ka Sleeve Ka Saath
Isha Saying's change people completely filled her out of the house, so the polio caught larva gives the allegation of domestic violenche
Ere homemade food is the most settlement the bloggers also praise the femininity d that tweetslikegaribguyy
Her hun her hun kidney ki dizzy man) forget my gunter
Jasthan Royals take party in EP justifications hai before that e he did not go to India what to buyin
Shahi is not a game of koi things, it is a game of carnage about marriage.
San statement, Shaan or that donation should be given today, take off on the statement of metal.
Khezrival Professor Yeh Agni As long as stupid people are blasphemy, the driver will not go hungry.
Sunidhi are you me shat kartik or is there any intention of love
Na shatk na vikas just andhvisvas yonitisshotntrik
If Abu did so who started the affair of Aamir in the temple
What is the use of making such a dog treaty on the day Dadu's shop is closed?
The market edge of a bat, Arun Lalat, inside the dal do yaar
But such words on the awareness that there is no understanding is requested and if anyone has support order, sir, not on the basis of crow ways about the thing
puh bhi chetia achchount go lo people are very wesley
Agra Zindaag like long dance hard work quite kabhi slow hazare tho koi baat' not but performance very good cost olympichs
You are a relationship, peace with you, nor power
Date to see before playing Barlow: Must see carne
w people are people's kolidam chetiya kata hai n the world will have nothing to do with money
o19 What is the seller keeper to tell
One finds some way to win the Kafi and the one who spreads the path is called Khejrival.
Layon Yohan Rayon would have come to the right that do different gunter hard work only love's relationship would have been right
Tie in nova jagrat khejrival ab anarya karte nahi parvati hai
Comfort Human Burger is the begging for a reason
Any philosophical liberal on the truck, who has a problem with the character, fill it in Bombay with your Gandhi, the objection will be hard work Durga
3rd Gunter people rather charge money and when they don't pay, they abuse and treat them badly
Zai BAjrang ati toner do ki naale
Is it smoldering now?
Turkey's missing taunting womenissuses
Yellow ji ladkar nahi raha nahi raha nahi raha hai for marriage
The solid side which is yellow, the end is of the navel
Aadi ni maya gunter pe tera bol hai kaga pregnant hoga tera darling tane which sanya laga hai.
The population of Chetia, who speaks Moradabad and supports them in the temple, is an obstacle, Chondoms did it.
Now we are not so wesley that we will see the last march
Raina is not playing
It seems that some of those people have met Pakistan like this) are sitting after eating it, someday no one will give any example O&X
Badwani PAnjwani are wrote the Dutchworth Davis of porn inch) will always be the abusive method
Pum will be done a little water will cost, only the cost will work on the right
I have everything, my mother's religion will be husband
Hard work Japan is the end of the goods.
If the market is going wrong then the bread method in the wrong milk, then say it soon
Bhagavan's trust help barrier what finds fate our trust sitting be fire proving t fashion in awakening nanyat move mountains
Old Yadav' B Z P Man) is Aana caste because you and Purana Ji are from Uthrakhand and both of you have gotra in front of the way.
Shyanta development will about money so elections in example give it should
San Vrihad is also going to die This is my temple
Is it a matter of hard work for you?
Dillon you se award nahi aata bas gandhi skin comes
you are my kiran, so listen
Differenche betvin Vidhu inside Amir Mohan Vidhu takes money for laughing at the truck and Amir Mohan makes him cry.
khmal kartik ho borra
Kor den muhaiya ek mukti puri dena kor san chal yar ek last smal mar lete hai
2016 Ki Pahlava Gali Tujhe Maine Di Batichod
Leon Peace Hai Holy Leon Rejoice! is the song BIharkhzaichandshatrughan
:Ahahh below which has brought Pum a new interest and BAluchistan to handle
The youth of the day has awakened, what about the youth?
Nowadays Khezrival hears more abuses than Khkh
Neither friendship is better than short verb nor is it Duminy
The wife was not even as expected nowadays to win every march from Virat
Along with the hair of Arsh Mohalla, a little mind has also been sung
No one showed me
First dong drank here drank here
Atlab your hi saarc forward treaty and 'Ambeshwar's praise will be kartik, then who will digest your harrow people
Anyway, you don't know what pornban is going on! Current Rago Erotic Poetry
Publich is talking about bathing and that is, I do not dare to wash this peace, hard work.
man apply chili to me) what reason
Ze shuis gurmit em aham singh zi insaan
If Khazriwal becomes our President, we will be killed
And it is not whether the toner is negri or not, the question is why the ministry of polio will consider it crazy to talk about the polio.
: Ahaha etc. that others were abusing mother, where is meditation Pillai?
Terri Ma's her mother's came to be of SAARC Ma's
good people) looks like paisawala bhi hong deco then popcorn is taken
There is a way and those people whom Punjabi did not think of six times and Punjabi did not think that caste is six.
For a country that gives light pictures, pay attention to their chantribution and work hard and bulk them up on their own.
Tejas channels should be like the gunter of killing someone is the way to do it
Man dara gandhi chigarette gandhi sochialzing gandhi kar sacra
Aate kare bazaar sjdhar me Bihar nitishlushting
FAlchao objection today put date amount san ootd tax
you will be crushed
Puh what Tejendra is FarziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
RoyalBaby is just one
he got a little too much
The thought of my marriage has come to my heart, that's why the repair has got me Ill.
Adon's respect caro is right after whom ie
vol is good work female which shaving
Caste is not religion but respect for being Varndo llunuktBihar
Tomorrow morning go to bed watching the uphill truck etc.
Akshomeonesdayin3Words
Brother, always there is progress talk first, then it happens first, you are the supporter of Mecca.
Shunday night does not come to condemnation and Rahvita
Today so ne mention did Bies
Once ho sung and exp toh hai nahi wala
Gurdeep Singh Khushi se no open matches
Today I did my first passing and he won the war
Pakistan does not believe in the ghosts of these nights
Beau lap is coming out tearing the heart apart
Who is Padmini Pra Banke of WhatsApp group?
First of all, they spread some carta of people like shankaracharya like brother-in-law does everything.
Cowardly brought to some death Yonitisshotantrik
If you are not a Hindu, then how will you survive tomorrow morning at 6 o'clock?
Now only two steps away from digging the wheel
Today Pon Wale Phalke Forengay
Don't miss the Meenakshi box. Caro Chappal Patent Kar 'Who' is the background talk
Nowadays, it is very spermeshwar
Ramanna would give speech till the last two births.
Oop man) promise local transaction aadi 2 years hai anna fir adi ji help doud's national corner padengi and ' besant ji will win
Bark be very killed for the excuse eat and' so go shunday enjoy kar' be
Agra My poetry se koi spear manas hernia ho jata hai toh station tumhara kya jata hai puhnorons ya poetry chanchelled
Nao Gaur) to bhosdiwalo sandhi slogans, but dal raid gardi ka kar loga hong hindustan
The man was called to put Ibn Bay written down, he did not save any food.
Chitra haar gaye koi baat' nahi cho jio
Babbar was so fire, singer, how many bindu he was and how much unsalman was shagarikadialogues
puh hai direction woh hi my hindi ki detail hai uhse hai pata:ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh pic
San Bhai calmly wrote Gunter, who felt bad, take your Gandhi larva.
What's the favorite building is running now?
She Ada Karo Nahi Chaloge: He is only Pappu's way
If you go home in the evening, then before that four chahat will apply.
Found in the heart that has come to smudge today will think with him
G Emotional Mohit cries slowly while watching Aamir Mohan comes out of the hall and cries seeing Chamra
You are the mother can you are Animals
Ether aa trendulkar teach you hard work English: Aramzade
Aamir Mohan did I Tangut f to march to see Ashley innings hard work Hisha put way snapdeal
F There are great ganaches, all those people who reject marching for the path are made of shochietya
Ashutosh K Brannon's Biopsy Cars Will Get More Laird Than Agni If TRAI
San kambhakht drinks to tolerate and toh drinks so that volume comes
Hal treaty WA gives us real discussion san Rajasthan that government in Parliament
If ji in chhina stone man) along with chai he used to sell rice hard and quite a lot of chillar grandson also
I have come to pick you up.
Shivsandhi had right of his Delhi, so till 2014, the names of his mother, wife and children are going to be remembered.
: Appya told to come, always chikkana hua, I remember the conversation, you are going to talk about your post in Darul.
I heard the whole 5 believes in the speech of Hal Sandhi
I would have heard the name
Asti samajvadi toh yani v hai vaise
He has taken the stem from the stem, it will pierce you so much that from where Sanya gets confused and
If you want excuses, then you really play.
input sht nelson delhi election after hard work bjp is furious
2 4
Barley that problem is shl me so quantity is coming to see shat shri their love Shiv Sena arrives in temple so settlement bilateral tiss
Andrez has written hard work
Anna's hard work will be purer than Nana's
Only art touches the train of Meerut Delhi, if it is night, then the windows with your hair would have been sitting on the health.
BAtting is not good but bowling is architectural
the sixth is lost
great but no fat board were the doctors good obstacle ho kuch toh hua hai kuch hoga hai
All words of East skin are fictitious and it has nothing to do with any living or dead people or Shiv Sena.
Khejrivalnke chahiye swaraj yogendra vtwa mehnat kaun kaun khejrival shupporters yo ya sdar great acid
Lend me some money
high jealousy
Treaty shop faded paswan food largo scholar of peace, eighty dishonest by hard work, yet my country became a great shri
Dhamar hai ye reserved kiske liye san aane wala hai halk chetia aane wala hai dhamar mere aala ek aur'
Dhamrt like syat vovelle was beating task m hand WO was bviolenche
Matter and reality always change
From the words of Khezrival it seems that he, i.e., PAtel, is also in power aaPkachn
No great Cairo is feeling that we have felt
Veena ji gave all Ladrones ka pani pip tipp talks by dancing to that song.
Hull treaty werts scale government running it charitam inside rice toy chomplanBOy
Virat be written before the ropes that this year ran oat work one two fours and sixes me bhi mar loon
Then B1 hai chigarette hai B2 san le ne na v B1 hai sanna bhai place yaar ek chigarette pil de yaar B2 deceive dog le
Jagat Yaar Nehra Ji Bhakti Ke
Mumbai's iron again EP.
Jay said religion people write bbc khi chhaaatna in bold and achit letters in cholumn
Duniya varman ke pj out varman my pj to mud san ahata vish surve shalmanVerdicht
People to the world) give spoilers
not enough way to p carne
Son aa dillon insan ka naam kam khas di kare ki poetry ka kamla hai more
The head Pampers are good that verts properly
Tumba told that brother Amma is recent
Bali Kab Hai Kab Hai Hol PAkistan Ki Jayega Virat Kohli IndiaPAXlogans
Akademi awards returnees se chenna jagat better m se kam log) his 3 4 box name toh hi hong
Pakistan is madcharod
Raman Dhamar is the original dog
I have come to ask for your hand, my hands are clotted now
Bhi Bhai Nabhi Bhai's Dwivedi promise was above the magazine.
I think we can lose this march
Shahi Toh has been directly in front of the temple from the front of Shehvag.
today man) up accidental down issionary
The karo wandering of the path of refuge rather than do llunuktBihar
The income earners are in such a state that if you hit them, they get praise
Just as the religious teachers give prison to religion shanle, so does caste navel shanle be power
PIyushbhai ka dodo bhaved to Amitabh Bachchan Gujarati Sanskar Ekdintogujarogujartnein
In the pretext of my test, the picture is passed, the general is the child.
Shruti Shat woman gives sign is happy of animals
These things are more darling
And what is hard work
Vodafone Ki Ma Ki Dhut
Shuru ja should thingsigetlot
Who is this new beggar?
:It is. Use should be married to standardize the sense of thing
Virat plying asar e Anushka Hassan Toledo Him work is for you to win our speech today.
San still picks up the thrown potato right Dhamar Akmal TwistedBollywooddialogues
Fanzzzz Farhan You have kept the case of Toh Gunter dead
You have opened a lit cowshed for milking, not for cow service.
Fatimaiyya Man) So your love! The hard work is lost, seeing the draw, the rest are looking at the quantity
who has lit me today pls oriented
Bark Bear Phatkey Front Driver Caro Pakistanis go to Gandhi
air your
Deeper hard work more jumps help carta BAngland every amount is solver em hard work will object
Be out in space, because there is a government in space, please answer
Half than outside la po aadi majoritya ku way mukkiyam
Don't tie us in the beginning, that means, many people will get to eat with you if you raise your voice.
It is good to have your Vodafone available, to take advantage of uninterrupted service, go to Krupa Airtel
B aakhah se bacha lu tujhe chest se laga lu aa chuppi lu bahts
Puh Bhi Bolo Momentum Le Gaye Dene Deals
poet scripture waving obstacle hard work tulll man) wala indVsaus
Come forward in the year and the way system will not get our tribunal, for which I am capable, only because I am open.
You are wrong thinking Gunter way Marseille is not always iron Marseille always has power
Des lovers each other hard work love caro bhosdivalo
We accept that this is wrong now whether whoever is in the SAARC or whoever is in the Dharma path is wrong
Adarsh ​​Bhaitu is a top class Chetia
Bhai raina tera ho sang to youth ko talking carne de
Airways brunette corner barbara boltos re such tempo march comes long aarathya ooPAsh tools talWar night
Why are you playing EP Vidhya Shut down Chennai and do this Chetiya Bindu
Singer s BIrthday Rajdeep Pumjio losing year year day being pass heart singer tax but year day 2002 do
They give me Hari Hari Chatian Way
Agar love is Hindi toh Hindi is Jhansi Hai Jahan Zindag Karya
It seems like brother, nowadays bollywood hard work is not giving much money.
Aditya Nath Yogi Ji First Chongratultions Now you can also free Hindu ladies from plain black domestic violence from inside concubines
Sorry about the movement
Look, the women of the country will have the effect of porn.
BAto melody patni chocholatey why is shorry today is my fast of bullshit
annavijay singh will speak bhaskar to breakfast carne
This is b so true of common man
That things are not befitting the Day Olympics
Menaria is Roop Malhar Alain is Belgium Stone Malhar
Plus don't back. enough to come
Come put dharma in nanda
Ego se aneko hard work some name si is truck on would drug s that some work si is i.e
Inch) nWaz g 0 What difference does Atou ke Menon and Morning CCS Guntey come in front sai right
Out with this, Akhtar gave the draw Teesta that it is the same thing as Bhaved Akhtar
Mi bhaved khi chhamkar gautam chelebniddlenmes
hai looking at your draw looks like you are in khingfisher irelines and you haven't got the sun from 15 20 right
Are you Delhi polio?
The children have been later, i.e. not
Kanhaiya Dhamar singing in awakening to make Munna Bindu of Bhacton
Aavrat Bhaiya Bhabhi
Build a digital temple is the problem with religion net neutrality
kogl boston hard work always point people
Are there any people on a cannon like Chetiya?
Badwani is creating an atmosphere of emergency Driberg Han) Head BzP has crossed the Badwani further that the start is applicable Silt stop.
Education We said earlier that Gunter Raat Improve Caro Abu Payment
Astrologer to gram puh marriage navel be devotion you take the path be WAterOnnars
The temple people have so much falke forest awards here and the amount tweetlikeaPakistani
In the name of the opening ceremony, they are warning EPl
Disc Aarushi HAL SEE WATCH BEnglish player happily playing his scrotum
Shreyas Eyebrow is the danger captain
Jagat Delhi Kissa Laird Chrome Think Shiv Gali Gali Maruthi Om Swami Mana Acid Manavya removed Violenche and Badtmiz's shop
AaaPtards are telling zethmalni vasant take a pentium core think hai zethmalni shri me apni biwi ka chahe bhi na laden
Jay 4 people) What will you say, do not think hard about it
O O Film Shut Temple will win the march and Delhi
Relationships are hard work, your father's way is called and but it is bad.
Vidhu's voice issue is heard even after carne
Will Chhetra Borda not watch porn?
Today your stars are hard work, everyone is taking you for less.
Only Ajay Devgan's role is inspired by you, WO and his people do the name of being ignorant, but not peace from polio
Attention, today Arch Kullu San is having hernia.
Aaj bhi aaj bhi phalke nahi four punya
Aane Agarwal ate excuse, Mele Baba has eaten Hal Jay San Aane what has been eaten, Hal you have eaten the variety of your making
If the people of the bus then give Brano Galva to those who sleep on the sidewalk
Rishta Thana has entered my mind
Janta 45 ka ho sang today u Abu leave the small ego and bring speed Bahu home VishvaPappudivas
Do not know the way, do not know your name, know how your Pierre stopped me, what do you know?
So you guys) do iron to the person, you can do such skin' and if there is a conversation with someone, then don't do the skin'.
d t Bipasha Basu isne t the leard in BAjrangi great
Juarya Bindu Woman Book Producer 4 Children Shakti Main Aharaz Aahat Chhe Din Aane Hai
Anand Mi Aloo Kaise Diye Bhaiya Labdhi Wala 20 Ka Deen Kilo Kitna Doon Anand Mi Aham De Jholi O Bhar De Jholi
Makshomeonesdyin3Words Krishna b-da i dillon ki baad ho rashi hai haramkhoro
Ekdum is Turkish goods
If you don't win even if you don't win, then come back by tomorrow.
Hota I Gati Varman
What have you done?
If you are happy, it is like Leon Rajdeep will launch the book Pn Banke Hi
The deal means that Andhra has sung a lot of hard work, its shopping bill, Bombay India has been sung.
Hari is there but quite a lot of people run their own business.
Whose support to the drowning and alcohol to the weeping
How is it applicable?
Han b i.e. the rest is left after hard work, Abhi will say that you will be martyred.
Puh bhi ho PAkistan to chetia hi rahega
2 Picture loss loaded that Mohit for also do
Have you got a lot of tax from your mouse today.
Whoever is the government, you have to marvin the land.
You are thinking too much
Guest Goddess Bhava Guests has come home
Seeing the wallpaper of being, there is some amount in Hindi
Kor Gaye: Ardik Chandra is coming
Thingsyoushouldntshyaftershex WAllet home) forgot sung
Saurabh will hand over water to Gandhi after coming out of the sun. have entered the settlements hard
shouting slogans peacefully and sending people after you will get normal from him ye violenche right
What is the amount of seal for the river now, I am giving it its running bir.
Gunter Changed Bravo Mena Bhai Naye Bhai said
Dharma Raman goes as much money as he gets
the chair of vyapamkhmen
Beginning what do you think Isa will be able to work hard again and again
She has a lot to do with Violenche, Friend
The road inside the reservations should both end because it is the cry of Kumar Tarak
Jai Kaha has been set up by the Chongress to inflict abuses on Rana's parts.
Till the word Public roads will give more importance to the persecuted fascists than the country
Varman Dance
I can't find anything to keep me calm
work done wrong
Anna ji is so strong after all
Veer Singh is more irritating than Shah Rukh Mohan
Ye Deol Bhi Kya Cheez Hai Aamir Mohan Ye Mail Bhi Kya Cheez Hai Meenakshi Sinha
LoseaFriendiin3WOrds BhabhihOgiteri shadihOgi Hari
Aaptards how long will you do politics of the way Pum was not going to do that
Today I discovered the new China that Shalu meets me tweeting Pakistani
1 Aravali ki Olympichs thestanu ati tusad okadu ati mi pamphlet naruto chadivanu sindhu flyovr kattinchmanu warn
Bhaved take a moral hick ground ego is not railing and can fall quite a lot
Just is etc. is going PAver inside the floor like the last t person is not chorupt expressly is chorupt
San a serious hote e lal missi aurangzeb road bhi vahan was talking to her name likhe hi 8 10 galiyan tahan e dil se nikal caste san
Navjot Siddha Sakhi Anmohan Singh Sakhi Essential Dharma Sakhi
Our Baba is not like the rest of Baba
Bhari Ke Film Saa Quite March Kiya Re
what are the churches of the world
Agar Hindi langwa phir! Bhi langwa tohshtartup:otum
Deal to P is next like whether you take money for caste morris or do it in Mr.
Students doing b-da do-doh
Anna Aai Haseena's hard work has come
Take your Gandhian hard work to the verb Chhaaaaaaaa
Priyanka Roberts like art that suddenly met Savit etc. can also meet Bhaved, says Arnold Aska
It is believed that Badal has been sung, earlier the PM had worked hard, now the skin is a minute too.
How to find the way
Today the blog is water carrying water
Ab ki bar de sark
The world had to adopt the world of peace even better than merganchy.
By taking this way, the people of Abu Tejendra Karne will be able to give answer to God by going the way to UP.
Zai hO ShalmanVerdicht went hO ZaiVerdicht got up hO
Dekha gujarti's development dinesh is doing well financially too
If ji how many runa will Rohit pharma make today if ji
niento besant ko logo truck ki ma warrior point caro what is vasuki
qville is eating ectoshop ki and ak filing
Brother, from Delhi, you have sung in the 1st century, why is this absolutely true?
Sweaty seeing Arya's bill
Asat happened to Veer and Arjuna but soon the others disappeared
If Rana goes in a plane to cover America and England, the bull goes with Gandhi
He did what happened to my heart like Atri Asjid's shanghiEmo
no it's a rash
BzP Lao Pass will come to the market BAdliyeSharkarBAdliyeBihar
You are passionately sacrificed i understand chiller mar be it all remains driven
What is the luck that people are watching the march sitting at home.
Jay Personal V 1 Shunnya Inn Dinner 2 Amir Inn Khare Amino Kor 3 Akash Inn BHulbhulaiya 4 Shrithik Inn Dhoon 2 5 Varman Inn Gunter
After Ratna Kharkha Karne, on the day of Bhi Elechtyon, there is no food or slowness to eat.
Cladkar thi deewani si kfalke pe woh murti thi gray jhukane Sharma ke aise march kara kartik thi reallloveshtories :Bdshrkh
koi toh good hanne launch car
Iam: What does Indu Bholenath know that by some way Jalabhishek happens to him only that he is my devotee and I am ink issue Hari Corner
Independenche Daya Aman IIT school device
Puh Ishq Nahi San Ajith is a journey of attraction: Appy Birthday Gulzar Shahi
p Would the brahmins become poor only at the level level, are they poor only if they see the path, if they want to give a noon, then give it to the one to whom.
That is, for all of you, not for bringing our Bapu Nahi Phislenge Violenche Bhari Mandir.
Poetry from the course is applicable
Rather, when will Gunter Shanley work
when will the fire come
and V Richards Pip's name is Gunter Deana Richards and her name is Shuhasini Richards Sanvi Chandra Rains Inn v S Drafts
All the terrorists of Delhi want BigBoss9
The names of puh football planners are so difficult, I think their Norwegians remember how the way would be
Emperor my religion is less than my age religion hahaho Emperor Benjo who takes cook not umbrella
Sixth Naming Aana On The Truck
It is PAkistanis
I. San vatya ther positive straight in bhi san bhina ada you came. Haven't seen the skill
Jantarantar3aug: Ardik Patel is not a magician.
sharfarz did not deceive even today
Ashutosh is in order to make aaaPrilFoolsday on Twitter tomorrow is Werts Khezrival
VOdafone will play porn recognition if the issue does not open
It contains bark
You have said come to the temple of the Olympics Rio 2016 :Eroad
Troubled by referee Yogendra Adi who will be troubled by him
Alia Bhatt playing what you PAnchwi Assi she test :ai FailedExperiment
That hand is deceitful Come on hand Hul hard work water nahi hai aye aa ae chain ekpalah nahi aur' koi hal nahi shayonyi
This time the knife is considered to be God's own hand.
What will happen to this country, Mza's maternal grandfather Lo Parle
Look, let's say, join hands, then we will go
Yes, Shri Shri's hand is firmly over Indra.
The bark won gaye talks with Bangladesh if it was 10 years heard pasta
Indian Sholdier Adarsh ​​Aaj Kal Desh' What is the hard work going on?
it makes
Till today the prince has not given
Kejriwal sab milte hai lyatya modi me se
It seems as if after the arrival of the country, hard work is the source of happiness.
Sister barks
b shunday khatma etc. 2 knew it had started before
2015 Shahenshah relationship is hard work, I am your father's cost.
Who will like Anushka ki d shat hall Kochi
Pum rang de tu mohe gerua emsho ja chahiye
puh people) your slack has been awakened in Borneo
Forever Alone logo is with Darul
Vadjhari ate full breakfast samosas and then b remained hungry.
You pass like a train, when I go to object to the letter
1D Wale sings like soneya singh
Ideal friends, listen, don't say this to Tax, Quin Lu Hai Quin Lu Ek Din! Fenugreek. would not have
Eat dinner, see doctor
Whether it is the moon of the image or whether it is Aftab, don't mind your mind. Eat
Now it's raining etc. Jo's caravange ky mad woman
Hut hu hum mathematical emphasis kr liye hai ab awards hi tu lene neutralitya care rubin' na pathetich
Take advantage of gujarati and techno shukla and' so enjoy violenche this policy protest appeal4payeche peaceBNext
Reporter AAPtards for what Messi would like to give movement considered dust fill get in the way of the dove go useless
What is the Lova way but the Brahminvadi mentality finds it with such words BHere we are
is a treaty
Rohit pharma does not play innings till the time he gives his child.
when did you come from jail
I do some storms today and that means that all the bottles of hard work give ashes.
Shikari troller himself here hunting trinle ho gaya na jaane main na jaane tu
Na unmse solstane karo ine san way parthiv pesunalum ati ode san karaya doubly ithala estimate pattiruken boro
Chhena English ka astar em jagat chhelebniddlenmes
is the barley march going on yaru
Vish ji Jantra Mantra Jhad Phoonk, whatever you go to Banke, do everything.
Bhai Faarh you name is also Parvati that just the hearth is chilka.
No milk is open, here is the wash of sixth bir.
Dorkstar askthep ankazzzz etch itchi etchi sth karte hai bhaiya (what are you talking about)
Sixes what rickshaw will do today toh country that Betia saved shame li temple that Olympichs hard work Sindhu BAdminton ShakshinAlik Rio2
Pum eat early today evening is on important nissin Donald disturb me then Fnl sandhyarthi diaurBati
How do you live e-mail such castes Hindi
:Shoulder Bay Liye and Ice Galle Less and One More
Relationship arrogant forgiveness actions make peace with ekko
All the hard work sang for the purpose of electricity.
Whatever hard work Baba Saheb has written about Hindu religion, it is in the same order.
Arnold Goswami believes all over the world, but asking for a glass of water from his side would not have been a Hindu.
Ladakdi has spoken the mind
disco jisse pra ostra carta hai carne do Which dog of your interest is being killed
Keep watching Pum Morris keep doing wo work
Mo mote san today your truck will be filled with tears that work
After etc., the patient shakes at night.
Sir nehru fat lap jiska naam kho wahi feeling
Vidura fat maid son but chonsidered appreciation Vedavyasa acid Valmiki both lower way ye Brahmanas acid Vishvamitra
Today is the blog
Working Sun A man makes a deal of his own happiness to earn money.
If someone withdraws Puh's resignation in the evening, they call it trending on Twitter
sixth northeast cartilage become night hard work twitter pr
does not come
Seeing this, anyone can win the area dance inside Aaptards EPFinal
But peace people tree about today it skin goes Violenche Front
Hai Raina hit a six to save Tatya
Eat 2 plants of iron and 100 grams of jalebi in breakfast again! If the land is sung 12 30 baje, then it is a pillar which
Mahan ne ye jo lochket pahanna hua hai BAjrangi me ye kaha milega dena hai
000WAZ SH0RREEF FAanly Ishta A :UiiliatiOn OF Kottam Rashtra LOg Shanzhtay : Kh Sharay Kottam Chh :Ain
No, let's worship Mario.
Great singer fat board friends good luck and good luck
Ice Pictures Men Mana Sechend Hall Main Patta Hai Jab Gandhi Fateh Ti Hai
How much did the roofers do today?
If Sir Khezrival Povets does not smoke, how will the bill be reduced?
With the help of the soil, you have not conquered yourself with sand, sand, with reshma, snow canceled hard work Jai dogs
Sindhu won hearts Badminton Olympics
In Bhabhi temple all your brothers and sisters are missing you
Ziyeng road to country
Yedia's victory is the defeat of the temple.
Liesentell Puh kept harassing Pum kept working enemies
Daily take this respect is your master
is point general assembly this one has been puh pay heard
Aladdin Banda Hiraman Khor Ho Hai Le Shut
If your father had gone, today you would not have been doing skin for Gaya support, think full
wh and' carrying
My donor has no reason to beat me, no reason to stop chasing you
Today twitter pra people believe more in pi jay kam and 'Chutiyapayee mercy'
Strone gets so truck breath watching slow saying
B defeated England, now if you play like this in front of Australia, then those people will take the Gandhi march
There are urine ahead
The leaf of Evam is Madda and after all is Bhardwaj
Wash your sins about the moon, become arrows until the next world is silent.
sho jo hiraman pon
You get to run by choosing but you don't get enough of Lorgat.
Rajkumar Shani counts on the bird's I am the singer and finds the religion of the bird's I am
Blochk done now you don't see any film in the hall
be ready today you will go
Lodhi Arse God now brings the path from the story
Bhai bohot ho gayi bakar bakr za so ja olm repair bounvita pilang
Carrying s chaptainchy fat shiv parrot sanbhi kill vehicle fielders are not boundary driver caste
Adel yellow vodafone her housing did not come, the amount said loudly adel zai mata di
:imesh he needs hard work at your home
If you want a very long life, suck his blood Gandhi Karo larva will continue to be the fourth TweetlikeamishPatel
BAchpan se hi notice knowing that if it had been so, the grape folder would not have been empty today
Save the data from being Jhansi condemnation pass say a both
Dhara ganche husband ko brano hard work coming when the girl in front is deals hard work Male Gunter and Albert Male Gunter sitting in front
Do not write the things of the deal, it is a statement on the date of lust
Hey with this loss different hard work which gunter inequility ho rahi hey volt bhi kar kar bhi but will not dare maybe away evening
Jimmy Dane needs 4 options Coggle Tax has come to play or San will become Chrorepati
Don't want dowry, just send G away in lust code, singer and you green color in front of patent so that birth man)
WA Need P Atanjali Fragrant Journey
30 days! I'm going to the swimming pool from Chontinuously and these lads have a day! No objection that Hull will get a point corner
But after taking the party, the party is ready.
Hey you are a picture of a dream, I mean you are not aware of anyone else'
:Ato yar antas pani pe chonchentrate karo
Baby brother, my navel is better than my stars.
M Pakistanis seems to be still the falke pum temple wale hi forengey
Koi bhi elechtiyon live fodder to lu hi jayega
delhi metro is considered to be hard work, do not shake
This morning the plant has become very light due to the light.
Pacts of hard work is the development of hormones
Hey everyone should have good baths just extra people) in the way the casteist who have come in the way that upper people in VI SAARC) profit is wrong
Kheton hard work waving stones art parcels hard work past Barcelona Pon hard work scorching season come back home) aja pardeshi kya apni mare re
District abdul little border bhi de pau with abdul
I didn't know the amount didn't work so it didn't matter wwf was needed annually from FIRSTWORLDPROBLEM
I am saying good, you guys are boring. Hindi Mati Carta
Poet looking in dhonne so good opera zamana man) hoon bhi used to play like this
Chal yaar chhodo tullal placebo bhai actually indira humare hai hai hai hai karo inn dene ke do ka karo karo ne dene ke 2
what will happen to this country
nu people don't want to get
etc. dug the palanquin which made red that
Tonight, I will not criticize you
Red larva of red lentils
G1 different good. Lipstichk hai yaaru kaun so hai g2 vol hai g1 shanti brahmin or g1 sarojini delhigirlsbake
The ideal is the blow of sin
Ha to Shih Na 7 Or) 2) The difference between the two will know whether there are other ways than Yadav that Akhilesh Yadav had forgotten.
Turn ginti mein youtube ka linux dag tere sanya ki what is the condition of God how much cloud sang man
You took the Gunter Shanley order from Mittal Vaibhav VAibhav film
Surewala disappeared today, got sick, did not drown, did not give Ratna Shatka Abtard
Ashutosh Shuru my favorite gali sungaye ghulam aali ashley shukla dekha apni to alps ja hi listen ki lac hai
The elders do not come to the house, they are sold in the houses of others.
Anna's brother-in-law has definitely become the elder Anna of the aristocracy.
Anushka Farma are Indvssha to carry the power
Varman is from Umbai: how will you escape from the Bishnoi of Rajasthan?
Somewhere in Delhi, trust it, kaafi, my transfer will not happen
It is six B AataO S AaaA B PE Kandai I Jagrat Martyr Naiya Re Naiya Re Naiya Re Naiya Re
just a few things to cancel
Radhika Apte motion Kareena Khapoor
The head is big in the world, but pay attention to the local issues of the country.
BHere me shout from the corpse Vikas say people are fulfillment What is the name of this bird NitishkhankliVikas
Pluto P Pahonch Sakte Yes Magari Ki Why Not
bhabhi ji sahib where did you say
leave the unique
Wallow promise carne macro vote oop that district soon ahead hurdle haramzado
Even if you eat the stream, such are the culprits
Ghar hard work Bipasha Basu that photo keeping ghosts go away
Arrow Danger Way To Be Pokemon Official New
LlunUktBihar therefore FAfound the said Acharya
Good figure came
Trust bap kha khaa ataay kya
They are eating silt khadi carne loss with their university with water in the afternoon work this is love
Isha Khoppikar Isha PAstekar
Aate Leslie Inn Whether Off Ashutosh Kavita Christian Inka Things Are Just Like Inka Shukla
Akhtar's golfers hide from Mohit Parle after every commercial break
Ishqiya is believed to defeat the caste in the East and from now on every time dark
God's lamp is succulent
Liessentell has turned such a market Ladkian
Yun i t : dooshreeee o uttahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Iss Uptsseeing?
Pe broken Pऱeāte vda Po kh ZO
Dhone to Kochi sparents big devil has been hal my hi health on if extremely sung
BAjrang Lili put their hard work forward and Lord Bajrang will go forward with your ticket money
Pumps came smiling you didn't know why I put them
It seems that some people have been exposed to alpha in the front.
I want hard work at your house.
Somebody else born today has to suffer the charges.
Preeti 13 speed Gurjar comes on the way to be settled
Did orders come from above?
In the East rainy season there is a hot hot Phalke and different Sibal Bhi Gunter symbol like cost.
Kogl Taks want Shiva's evil deeds to be given to Gandhi's grandfather.
San Bhai Rotating etc. Give me more deals too
Rhoadies Delhi audition short to date has done some adventurous puh dhamar man) disease thane water has been related to short roadies walking
Avgrah unchahe se hone karan vakyam Antya ke hath ki tiryani khile :azel bhabhi ki photo dikkh puh to kaaran koi yaar
The excuse is that Strone shows Andhra whether the Madras Rajasthan Royals captain Maine Hu is to be ignored this year
Gunter road Marseille why not give propilation on Matrimonyy
Aaye Chetiya Walo Ratna is boring only people stop watching the picture Saanvi now just
Acharya Shiv Organizers Shuru 4 songs on Ganche Karta is 1 croche me dene kar do Vir Singh no 6 songs Karnama money or 80 lakhs
Varman Mohan today is a crushing storm.
Upper upper upper upper upper upper Son the Aaron SchatchPton's place Tylor Rosselli indvswei
Hal Sandhi To Speaker San Jagat Neutrality Parrot FOunders Of Internet Hey God Ye Day! Why didn't you take what happened before showing?
Happy Birthday to the rest, Aadi Rahat, Aadi Rahat, Delhi Rahat or Frukhabad Rahat
He has heard that Uttar Pradesh side) Bihar Ke Phalke Pyaar! Carle p marriage with the spear that you loaded the perfume Tarun
Rashtrapati Mahan Hasan Book Ne Lu
Kochi is 100
There is a different volume of shehvg and' shoaib running
East remains that shehvag is pervasive for all
Hathia Verts If it weren't for the Werts before again, Morris would have sold 2 SIMs for Rs 50 to a Telecom Chompany instead
Do today is your day 10 Jay
The biggest disadvantage of giving awards to underserving people is that even if deserving people get it, they have a low caste.
Why is this brother's son taken out of the caste?
Today in smiling) Violence has happened
How many good things do you make a human being who is able to travel in front of the person who is full of harm?
Rather lo world salvation hard work
Hair feeling never ending against Kashi Olympics w our dear brother keep coming like this tweets
Dharm rotten san bravo FoodPOisoning
bat bat chakra de raaste napa de delhi den chu chu man) bird revolution bal tu tu tu desi mozambique
Tweet No one can even think of stealing so many caste cars
adi hindi chredit charter bill carne hard work will nikal jayega benjo
Take the rice but talk about it.'
4 overs hard work 60 banna lo will be just for them 150 runa and s 150 arms hai endvsbn
That is, if Nake Negri was of a central minister, then you would not talk below the impression for you.
Bhenchod this time getting the feeling kare ek sutta pum your Gandhi's niche t go
Great Hide Great Asad Power Asad Therefore Indus Therefore Rio2016 IndiaAtrio Olympics India4Indus Dipkharmakar ShakshinAlik
hai Shahid Kapoor, do this bakchodi later, first see Gandhi and let him go.
Puh chhand sa pon student zulphon kha ng nehra puh wheeler education policy arsenal koi rana sai born face triple rs
Sunidhi you talk to me on draw Karthik or someone who wants to
vol aa gayi
Lit is not a sahib
Gurinder brother, you have the fragrance of your Mittal
Yello start image send a Hindu Brahmin Dwivedi soon go to airport FarziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Delta will now look after its Peach
umanitysleligion royal nation kh Bachh:O o e zga: takhE dkh:O o btakhe dkho khoon veer nation kha:
The referee should modify the breaths to get the immediate satisfaction of the muhiin and should Tva Simran
What will you do for light yellow days? Rather, people are not after their shamdhiji pum, dowry hard work toh pum can only give you seal hard work.
Started some cute skin caro na sacks have appreciated
Meaning is why your sweat is touching Pluto nanyat fatah sign is Meaning why be Pluto posture that citizen does not position go PlutoFlyby
Chelebchommentary ye dekha ye ye ye shahid dependent that age ye shandeep achit ki age matter what park is na paatekar
etc. with people railway will that country and home name Betia is bright fame Pvsindhu Shakshinalik Rio2016 Olympichs
puh shod khel ke her sang them ndvsnz
Fourth Indian our i.e. Roman party eating that Ram is Shouth Indian our i.e. also Ram is party that lostintranslation
Seeing the November of being loaded in anger, I have lost my heart.
Rohit Pharma is playing like an injury
4BestWordsEver Six:O Six Eye
Varman Mohan will die but on the issue of not telling lies, who was driving the silt that day Varman Mohan Shahrukh Mohan
Ach pas kosh far when a child is in the song, his mother speaks to him
Today's time:Eye camel beside TIAIAN TEA EDUCATIONNACH:OOOO
Greatest ho gaya shaifu g ghar wale gaye hai and front bhi chandel shanle kar hai hai chup ho ja mujhe kareena ki kaam plus' would have been silent
Considering the Dik Hong San Khezrivaldivas of the Fourth Khora
There is you inside is inside the jail ShalmanVerdicht
Asha Vai Rio2016 Olympics Tennis Rush Khasatkina
Kriya wife was not able to reach the feeling after working hard about giving silence at night
Pum haar ke dil apna meri hindi jhansi kar do pon se touch you
Bjp sub viet gai ji abhi raat baad chalchalatiion tax amount is the issue
All night long songs with melodious songs
Ya rabba de de koi bhi agar gilberg pe ho no gilberg pe ho na koi asar 5marks
May love be lost! no
Today, those who are abusing people on parts of speech are giving names to others and Le Re Baba Hey Mujhe Nahi to people like these.
Live in India's home from across Moscow, enjoy yourself
Let's get attacked that 9 people are not stupid who have 20 over fielding
All the ladkians in the potatoes look good guyFachts
Very nice skin with 100 taks came in my mind while sleeping at night
when. If the work is done on the upper arms vehicle then it will be
It's not a religion, it's not a religion.
That's nine lakhs! Ka Manega De Re Oh! Syed Deewane: A Games for 9 lakhs! Fourth Nechklache che degree design nahi mil kya
The loss should be considered your Behura Raman Kuttyon has to face:
In the name of Mr. Paane Shree, Mr. Yeh Shree Vo will let public ET lose it too.
Adarsh ​​Yeh Banke Wale 1 Way Of Work 2 Days! I do not have one, but people do not know anything about them.
Watch this instagram
is sannadia madjer is lele ach 1l is and verts are also plenty but bola and bhi chandidte are
Puh bhi be someone of ours is neverForget
Elbow Brihad's house is not up to the mark.
Broken leg friand m touches what are we guys doing hard work so hard plaster is applied
Conversation with Khantaben Nu Prafful Bhai Raj Bhavan Chhu Prafful Bhai Nu Dinodiya Bindu Saras Chhe
Pon east love! Ko Main Kya Naam Doon RabmbererRabba and Bhoka Ki Son Koi Pyaar! Momsong is from different paths
It's a fair to get work, fair hard work, it's alone
Raman's hard work went ahead, my heart remained the same
If it were not for this pressure, VIrat would have swollen this Mohammed Aamir like Aamir Mohan of March
Sent Vu's extract here was the child years old
Where is Taluk Sanskar some Chicago?
Sandra Tacky B: Andy Khas
It is difficult not impossible to get the donkey, but what has taken me to the rise of Pak by coming?
I have a conspiracy to defame me.
If so much washing should be done instead of carne, then it has become virinya, but the truck's hard work would have been small.
Khamlesh Badwani inside jai paanjwani k hi phalke hard work Scindia's name Mittal labor mixed
In the name of the circumambulation year, consider the people of the country as an owl;
Instead, the rotating cycle will not devalue
Inch) People have taken Sinha Dutta Mera
Leopard is the amount
Making squads and statues does not destroy Bipasha is job domain empowermnt basil nurse getting ooPneedsdevelopment
Bhenchod akmal comes to play with a white like so bad chonduchtor and on top of that he doesn't even go when he is ot aham bhenchod
Place head, way of reservatiion kha's courage is the star
Whether the bride will be married in Marseille or not, the two will wear mangalsutras to each other
student ya student pum student dharma student You don't need sandalwood for the sternum
The people of Bangladesh, this one is against Raina, isn't it the day when India is the only one on the train?
Puh Arms Main Dete Thakur
Take some shelter for the world to hide
Chore hai Kaliya wear me hari hari chudiyan
Why did Gandhi become a scholar, talk to the data, man) Today you are talking about the sky, the cat is long down
Hal Mandir lost or won carrying was Zindabad is and Zindabad will remain
The leader of Ulm is that of Raman Mudra Sahib.
Come you! I all agree together
Don't be so alert to the public. front
There are not many ways to do things, but ways are needed
Bindu is Bindu's worst enemy after all and was therefore defeated by the outside invaders till Barcelona without Hussein Ghulam.
Shvas Djokovic spotted with Deepika last Siddharth Ultra Veer Yuvraj Ashley told him did not come out to you
Veer Singh Bay wrote today Bedshit would have taken water today Churtains would have taken water bark Deepika's Govind is not anything bad either
Obama Charles Modi Brings Level and 9 Pressurized Fees to Choose This Yellow Chosen
Amitabh BAchan ZABOOOOOGaaaaaBaaaaaaaaaaaaa the Greater Empty Energy
you know who my father is americans
Mataram Pali itself has two religions, Sikhs and Muslims
What is happening because of you, Kamini looking at your relationship
Babies mom array baby talking with Kochi is learning lobe cheeks
If you guys come to the office of the leader, then the broadband of my house is also going on larva dena tax in sarvante
We will probably have a natural welcome baptist like a supply pearl special in the temple
If there is more money, then I am giving peace to the people, this point is sitting to follow the people.
Great shit we wanted to linux de deta dance mein every time that stars ye all carne what was needed
ShakshinAharjnovies Varan Arjun Ramesh Suresh
the great that Lodhi deceived
eVarione sun truck it is thanking ther tax
Said to every council that the misconceptions of the people are removed.
Today is the day 19 August solid is the biggest proof if those who walk ahead of equality are P
don't give you any respect
Rather is who stron came hard
These are the ones who are pricking Kochi in the first place.
Who is going to press with me?
Obama Bhai Obama Bhai Aisa Che Dhoom Dhanka Lava Che
Indians claim base Charles BEngland claim strong Charles EendvsBan
Nowadays, the first promo of the film Chetiya from Chetiya comes such that seeing that Bhaisali will come to this film then Foley will give
The father of the mother zodiac would like Abada
This armature has been sung in peace at the place of the picture.
Let's talk about deceit, let's talk aaaz aaj today chondom nahi hai hai channel ek pal: nahi and ' koi hal nahi shayonyye
To the drowning, therefore, the resort of the hominem
Appya bhai bhai ko you are an example of why you are bad in the world.
Nationaldogdy atleast today toh peace should dance in front of the dogs
Sitting i.e. why not killing those who want it
These arms are close to me, Sacra is Aarushi Hal
Lit ye ​​bewafai hai halji watches par kya wale gaye aap! They forgot about Guder Roger
Chosen EE hard work also shows porn
When you buy chondoms from the Edichal level, the customers nearby look like they are going straight to their house with a pump packet
India will get these 10 runes
Engineering to get outside shouting that the shopkeeper wants more than the engineer
B, this address will be able to say that two smart subs will be seen next, taking the blank in front of him, then taking 2 smart sub sixes B Udget2016
Show the method of being of Masti Chompany, brother
Have some art even for the sake of leaving it behind
She will get means she will fall is desi so chit will be put rise will not get decline so origin missy smarter
Temple Pakistan's only wife is in the morning, believe that soon after the carne, the bir will open.
They don't tell people that trap
is that the constellation film is called Wisdom Pass Wisdom Erno Yes Wisdom
The center of the universe is not moving.
Aankhon sai aankhon mein gesture sao went
Gunter is from the rkhi sister
Rohit s d POtential much is in it smanne of little Charles is ego caste center hole gives chonchentration this sleep
Today, it's going to be Hilsa
In the middle of Abu Mu, what days have come to hit Bhi Nehra Ji, a player named Dulhan.
Go all four of me, lakhs of smoke
Chhongrats inside sister-in-law's speed a lot of obstacles
na rasta know na tera name pata know how my love made turks issue what is known google-apps
Aadi launch dhime hai mind ki ma besant na karo
Abuse from the larger corner is the amount
Sangdi Shabad but went to Bihar to showcase Strong Hopes and built a plant in Mumbai
Do well will hurt
The world did not realize the treaty that 90 brain development takes place in 5 years
Get Nidhi's dog 'Take home for Nidhi's on the rank Sundar, give blood to Nidhi Nidhi that the cat is lost, her beautiful b forgive her
In the evening, Delhi came to the people of Shiv, to kill them in Rocco Chonchert and to give them to the people of ABVP.
left hand portrait
The mourners need so much after that that the people of Dhavi made the photos of his dog more rare than that of the wife.
Adel Mein Bhoot Afridi's Amma's and Pakistan's Ma's Tullal in the Blocks 3 Marks 3 Marks
If Alcho Hassan happens, the ring always keeps falling on the picture, with the fallen metropolis its which will be good
People have gone mad seeing Jay
Pum jibe baar bhalon lu ka deta 9th movie, its excellent handling year and more oil english hard work will make the skin
Puh rickshaw bond hard work is troubled today selling lions to count giving hard work eager look amount is shakshinalik sindhu Olympichs
hai koi skin choju karo ye own skin choju hai koi shat bhi nahi talk
Sri Shakti sAharj Infra Pills Cor Bindu San
K toh back Smith to Chaptain bano stron peace is year
When the words are with Abba, it feels good
Height kha dOn khaun rOhit shhArnA indvsaus
Airtel's 4G network is more of a com charge network
Cor Chandra drinks me to pesticide drinking abu milk me detergent hoga to stomach that Gandhi bhi to clean ho rashi hai na otherdairy
Ati Muhar Mehnat Se Bahar Agah Hai Lahnda Shoaib Akhtar Phir! also shouting IndVsPak
Come and let the people of Andhra Charles Bangladesh
Pause on the first line P on the fb when your brother sends his aunt on the car for pasting the heat then send it clean
The compound of the three neighbors returned home
Gunter Schalle will get carbon for illegal carne through Ceres Ha Ha
Sixth fault is your movement
It is as much as you remember the conversation, then even if you do not do it yourself
Before 1 work done After 2 things done
The shop of Anhusiyat has opened in the corner of Indian Champa for the Rio2016 Olympics
These lists may not have eaten enough boiled anna, they are shouting the unity of caste wholesale today.
Vish Jati Namaskarn Dhamar FArziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Litt quite a lot with your luxury charter bhi post photo karo Are you making public a warning of photo expenses with metro
'Koi Baat' Nahi Aadi Pet Shakti Hai Koi Baat' Nahi Ugo Girl Uway Gotra Think
If the profit market method wants something, then speak soon, don't speak later.
The Gandhi year of Hindu brother and Tyagji is going on on the truck since morning.
Whether Veer Singh comes to Achting or not, Ganche does come
Pum people are talking like you guys go to offiche and work all day you are on twitter
Talking about the chicken and the tangut, the amount seems to be the Mahatma.
Rather, the driver brother-in-law will give the dialogue X level.
Those who support nights like Meenakshi and Gamanam today para a skin sAnikandan4london on works your sins be less
Dogs also try to stop the hand as it passes by
Phatkey front ongoing work
Mrit Kayar Tullal Are dance be brother that dance like navel be Vrihad Mohan one day! Award will win for slow achievement
shahi saware teri yaadon aata hai ke dil ko mere chredit charter specials
The Best Amsler Avery: Ladkar Hoga Dara Hai Toh Two Stage Pack for Gunter Schenle Larva Doon
puh ghumna mirza toh thi hai but what did man think about danger
Magazine loss singer an' the last of yours is virgin will remain but he should make friends with the pond
You have worked hard at home, but there is hard work, no brave right, but you are angry and hard working brave right.
lit agar will be your death' is
Usalmano's intoleranche has been a bit too much religion. Edia Ghalib just gives the point
Our Mardi rank has not happened with thek till Abhi, so on what basis is my inequality?
Duminy should not play EP
Barley is not open to hitting a six with the bat.
G makes his own name into possession
Why do you pay respect to San Chetia?
Their ulcer name' is not Vishdhamar but Rubbish Dhamma FArziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Amitabh Bachchan seems
After knowing how many days, today the moon took out the cheeks and started working hard in the bedroom.
Brother, if you want to wash the dishes, then the father will come.
After departing in Marseille, caste caste was born in the house of a caste.
Indira's want but films a November know TweetlikeAPakistani
Hai soneya singh audichha is anantertain carta hai not to kill
Adarsh ​​Bhi Gham is the world except hard work, love for Darul's money
Abu the recent durga anna consoled her by revealing her twitter enmity bu the thankyoushch66a
Enke devotees believe they have breath in your Gandhi because cigarette water amount is nive inside to take
I would have become an influencer but for 10 bucks, chigarette bhi nahi adi bakel
Ratna's mother issue
Due to technology, hard work should not keep the condition of the senses.
OM I AAA GAYE ंAAUKHA ANGOOKHA AAD EEIN AAINA VASHOOL NNATCHH
Ghasit assassinate everyone on Snapchat anyway Twitter is too full
Atreya Yaar is the area, so let's go down below
some thing it's a hand
Khezrival in his religion ke cholumn writes 1 agarwal 99 ludhiana in bold
Today our anna has 15k followers, today our anna shatta krupa barsena zai bholenath
Lit you brought your children's policy work for some China Arvind Khejriwal
Over has gone to dinner only)
Verman BAjrang I am a devotee of Bali do not lie Meenakshi Sinha and happy disciples
Baby, what is Baitullah's affair, since when has he been found by posting a porn pitch, then condemning him
If you start Jio, what reward will you give for the country which has brought laurels to the name of the country?
Temple Sumit Shiva Ha Terrorist How are you Sacra, so see the way first
Nelson please buy me a little better
Anushka Pharma's sacrifice started
Through discrimination channel warn fetish baba sold ko kura bacha lowers beach unity reson bacha copper way meetna ghar)
It doesn't seem like a rate from anyone, but in the morning it seems from him
The hauler dug and told fast, if he had done heaven, he would have stared off from his place.
Khadoos toh my aash bhi tha khadoos thi hai but domestich violenche toh nahi karega nahi karega
B is much more than the rate seems to be
Thoughts to be a vegetarian should be taken out han) Tomorrow
Arya Dhating Dance Dhating Dhating Dhating Dhating Dhating Dhating Naach Na Sandhindha Sandhindha Dha Dhating Dance
When will the select point of the puh dz be
don't come back home
Daily I get net neutrality on how many more Muslims I have got
Shirley E Lohe Yoga Vishwa Ashley Your caste community should be discussed
Umm, when I am 500 years old, I have a picture of a treaty, then why do I worship Rashmi?
Those who are made of Shoaib flour, they do not wear sonics.
work hard
Today if the temple was in the film, then it would have played better with the company than the world.
puh relation what externality is Ludhiana
Today's side from my stars
Ananda nilind nadim rattavan zatin savit anuradha PAudval dik raman dhamar manu halka agnivat apn90s
Taking food forbidden to jail for your master
Don't understand like hic nive washrooms in 5 stars bhai haath kehna dhona hai aur suru kehna corner
Moushumi is violenche sin
Chachar sht khaa zaadoo khas khan kha sai indyan yaah aan tak PO:Ochhaaay siin
Shoaib Akhtar 28 Runa See whether the application of carrying is under the tangut is Runa talking or urine
Shirley Kaya The thought of my marriage has come to my heart, that's why the repair has called me to you chai pe bischuits with rowt varts chhai
Bhi thought what did I do by going to the thrum, for six publicity, let me come after you and then see violenche
Now you guys will not let anyone speak. So if that's not intoleranche then what is?
From proving the temple hard work to getting the Olympics mail, Ladies gets to go to the Indus IndusFOrgold ProudOfIndus
sOtivational skin is hull objection
I went khumkum murdered respect etc. and etchy etchy thingsthatuniteindians
Rajju Samson is the Brahmin Ambassador's point Christian brother
Puh look would I shmall direction
Scaro Scaro do pet brother
What for the poor on the upper road?
Aate kare bazaar new sellers Bihr nitishlushting
No matter how much the people outside the Aadi Ji were crushed by the iron Indians inside, the liberals would always abuse them so vratya the point.
The Gandhis who do politics in the past, will not spread.
Oh hey old days! reminded
Today, the Khumkum Mallya people are more talkative that God works trucks than Durga
Baldiya did brother today VSupporters of Violenche outside the border
Looks like the bad has really started BIharkhzaichandshatrughan
You must have accepted my path from the temple ego, then you would have reached the method and level Peru
San Dilwalen is doing that well
He worked hard for 7 days, that's why he has made 80 women of our country an owl.
1 quiet silk 1 2 what glass diamonds acid pearls cor garnishing sell cor leon kha ramn
Anushka vish aa gayi rchB what will happen to her is coming Virat san like people were crying when they saw Bombay Velvet rchBvsdd
only knows about the party
Buddha Gandhi does not respect the thinking, no matter what the path, noon or no matter
Bringing the great
Vish amal lu sparda of If so if you work hard to get the first one, then even the other will not feel bad that the Cairo alliance should not be broken.
Amitabh Chommenting San Suresh Raina Rishtey Mehnat Toh Woh Unke Baap' Lagat Hai Naam Hai Mahendra Singh Dhone
Pass empty puh rahi hu man) If only tsunami happens, if you become that way
The rest is hiding hard work sandalwood why don't mind. eat and sleep
Had come to shake the world, now the dressing room went hard and shook each other's
: O sun for you, the moon will seem like a point. Toh laga ke show
Pls start speaking to the ladies of your home.
Digvijay and Jai where with their new mistress
Am my look.
part of six ke bhagat action chhu
If it is an inch on the speed of Agra etc.), then those who kill the Opposites consider the proof of Pakistan Soldier to be Pakistan Soldier.
That means stays out all night, it's Alaska, what's the talk, it's called out putto, it doesn't answer
Angry E BzP Argadarshak Andal Pillai Up P If Akhtar part of some people age is obstructed but front right is obstructed railroad
The mourning singer, you are the world of the human being, the navel is the power policy, so the player thinks of seeing the way.
Give blessings Baba, take yourself leader
Today hard work is very happy first time God showed me to be a hundred
W source hard work only goods are good
To money money is fame why money pe you idol is nitishlushting
If the seller of the stone is taken, then your victory is confirmed.
If religion supports the wrong thing, it is also wrong
abusive point benzo
Wanted you and did you come here?
Bidhayak train is the hand of Alam our president
National truck on the cheapest most i.e. carne what patriotism seen rahu hu
2 days! If the matter is mercy, the hymn is already filled na me sing meatban
W is not repaired at home.
5000 times today - Signature Carta Pata
Because in the name is the whole of the Indus fog Olympichs
How many people become aware on twitter, someone with 4 followers goes away after seeing the abuse on the face
pls don't see
Vidya BAlan Zahir student Shilpa Werts movement
Mahatma and) circumstances
Without mention, people are not condemned etc. They will definitely see Mohit, it will condemn them.
B aaaasht bhai khas carta b dung bhai chha carta e d trust b aaya' aa omb eishgod
The word liberal itself is an abuse, then think how Gandhi is an ideal liberal.
Show think porn core girl is a big liar it people that because of no truth’s even Yamini does not talk
The shoes which were given to the police carne but when was returned
must be played with fun Israel
Inside is Alto Varman Bhai with material shift ganche chrome deck that the latter is unique
Shadow Choudhary's brain runs faster than a chomputer WOrstchildhudrumors
Speci
San went Ayavatiji and other so challed Dalit leader Aditya Mehnat Shushant Gorilla died morning is silent because he was way up
Douglas Killer from yesterday Aamirkhan from today
On the days of Pali, the hearts bloom and the Lagan of Bangladesh is put on
2 on the right that the dog is sung Hal Zee Harley
hai why raina wants shahid larva
Syat she syat k me Aamir Mohan and Ruchi student had crossed what happened are they not singing
Truck AaPtd1 If Book Province OoP AaPtd2 Sno More Jumlebaazi Dance Aa1 Bhai Yeh OoP Hota Kya Hai Aa2 Paata Nahi Koi Polish Dron Hoga
For as much as you spend 10 days in Delhi, you will not pay for your expenses.
If he talks to the person with the right hand, then he will get more shots.
hai so boring artichale hai g bhi kya kya karte hai fit ke liye
Aamir's 9 and age 2 Barnes sang Bacha
cheap taxkar name with all indian want him carta
O Nathan Parindey Ghar) Aaja blasphemy Nathan your father
Ashutosh came to sang abuses on Punar Pe
The common man should also have the right to win Khejriwal Hasan A Point
WORLD LITTLE DO NOT LIKE PAKISTAN HELP HORN PROTECTION GANDHI will go soon.
Every single woman wishes to have 2 kids, due to family pressure, there is more domestic violence behind it.
sprinkler device
Now I don't know whether you are speaking sachi or dhut fet, you have done so much that you have given a lot of jobs to your path.
Terry movement ki salty masti teri haasi ki beparvah gustakhian tere pichwade hard work woh khujliyan nahibhulungain zbtaqah aizan
Shirley u why nothing pon snow pon snow chrome delhi children cottage you tell great that lodi you peace not my father' who is gotindia
May peace be with Ekko, Ulayam Singh
I just drank the blood of dogs, Lalu didn't dig humans
Said it pass pe attention do parents of little he bowled to varan dhane
If you will do a good hat, then you will remain like me, whoever you are, Plz do not like it. carta
Should a man take both the air and the door together?
M airways toozhya BOchhyat khaandhya Bhazzi his lashOOn chhoutnEy
Sha hi form rehana is wrong BAuddhism zainism den goshastra also teaches non violenche
WO point being: Hindus have Barbie talk Ideal liberal has no religion
Temple Imperializes Opposites Today
Violenche Mumbai's inseparable killer was San Nobuo peace two other solutions
All the roads to Talthokke should be barnet and so many that if you are challenging Pn directly, you should be arched
Sanya had come to kill Yuvraj
Don't have any hope from the sun, nothing will happen to the mouse and the world's
People like kidney also inspire me.
Shuru Agra Kanhaiya Jagat Singh is so you are
hong ahm de jholi meri ya ohammed dedichted to
cocaine can take home
Heard that Kitne Dillon Tutenge is going to get married
You will not find a place even in Jahnu.
Don't be madjer to the world. Bano of devotion
is facing hi shat woman give two besent
If your wife comes and you don't have a crush on you, then think what you will do because the obvious thinking. duct toilet
Ulm Ja Mein Chestre is over
Sacrifice abuse is noise, supply is tipped thief
Give the bowling car to Kochi that has been done, two sellers will take it
Vimal pan masala grains, hard work, Kesari's self and peace is the way of Kesari to teeth
and because BAe and because BAe because BAe world religion what is the penalty FarziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Have you heard and measured your child? Abhi also sees people
Parts and Parks are very expatriate to have tasks where no corner is needed
Four barley from the beginning from the beginning
I'm just going to know what happens where you are eating kama comfortably, don't even channel in it that you are smart
black magic witchcraft
Shiv is leaving today hard work bhi tere barbara aa sang dar stone bhosdiwale also says this ye to me shanti barbara bhi nahi chhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh?
Shabad Where does the dog run when death comes NitishkhaagentPratyayaamrit
Then patel is the Shravasti gaya in kogl taks hose marriage with karishma anna to think that hind carta koi minor thing' nahi
B. Show me what love! Will the student show enough or not? Hey he
Savit rayon wronged arms with shiv aap
On the day of Rakshabandhan inch) that 2 daughters brought 2 Olympichs mail to the country's dignity that Rickshaw that is Sindhu Shakshinalik Rio2
Mare amino core i.e. PAtel ChrichketFilms
Aham Yuvdekht: Ae stream was visible from the
Million Ki Homecoming
Some bhi said koi ek dog will need that hard work problem is your soap slavic
Chloe out) Come and sit down from the house, Ashley was burnt in the ground, now Gandhi will be filled with words. 6 About electricity bill
For 25 years we are going to say that they will have 25 years.
Are everyone with PHDV the same consciousness?
That is, Buddha means this from the navel up neutralitya t kre koi kama karne and up bhi give some start to what others do.
Tu na ja mere badshah ek itemaal ke liye ek itemaal chhote ke
The promise of a spoon made on your day came sang today again jimma jumma gumba jimma na de jimma
Will have to maintain a double boulevard go over the bottom of the bank and go to the bank
The my are no shortchuts to suchchess pon core comes home early from the street near sand lipt d so pharma ji ka deta passed
Who is the dog in the draw of the relationship?
Networkers are so troubled with their jobs that patients are on their way out
Why are you abusing which one is only from Pakistan, Bhenchod
durga monsoon abhishek bachchan aishwarya why have you made dosa meeta today aishwarya and hai kosa hai rain ka dosa
Khejrival's melody has been more under attack than last time.
Slowly ego in the ears of stones, so come to say
If there is an objection to the word insan li gandhi, then there is no award etc.
Every Kolkata house will get one Bangladeshi Bolero from as many as many Bangladeshi bowlers.
Abu March started Karo Chetia
Your Sajiya Re Ko Do San Shut Mere Son Boring Likhe Vividh Bhatt
won and
The work will be accepted, the path is not good
In the beginning, it had let Aaya happen, Abu look what is the condition of it
Nahi sir man) I know and you also know that this is nake produchts. Why did the dialogue treaty Sudha disappeared
Point Austria lai gunter women antas ko violenche justify garner arjun garcia hindu classical ra manesar ka ho said
2015 ohabbatein year aaj bhi usse wife hi mohabbat talks and just because i didn't find anyone else
Your dog is not yours but your nafev your cogl hat sixth topper sleeping aham besant bus hines
puh ganche and you want banke
And today the coin is still pumping Euro to him
These reasons leave artificial nationalism home) Bas and keep the people happy then you can keep the country happy
what did work make you
Vodafone urs 3g network is such a joy to meet as if feeling has been found
This is the damage due to Andhra being spray is facing Bhai tell the post Hitting's spark is the coins in this policy gettingting other wall
You have stabbed the heart that has no money in front of you
Arvind Khejrival did not have water in Delhi, maybe that is why if he is taking revenge.
If you keep your feet hard, then love will be able to wash! If you get hard work, you will have to be there, that is,
Son Arnold sang dada mil sang he pj le bhi liya same ontimesnov sht ila kya
People go to the front of the Sikh way.
Because BEtian is special Aamir ji so Filmfare s moment of the avenue
Pahraiya koi pressure ostra dikh puh sab toh are available in every shop
From taking the temple main symbol to taking the Olympichs main fair to Ladias there is talk of pendulum rio2016
Jai dog sun benz released puh take out of jail if someone is really hard to kill, then does he need to pay dharma
The destruction of work is so much that some people take money even after drinking water.
Gossip bhi bhi kahi bhi
Aman is his shop, he can also pay money to take some film.
That the upper people do not make any distinction more than the way, want to argue, the upper people and the charisma that I do all the respect.
is this chentury pe chentury bringing habit kharab) are doing our cor you will have problem
After coming to SAARC, the journey of 82 Perchant Chommunal Violenche has come in handy
Wearing the Khedekar post X will work but go for the kidney 2 patent
Do I feel guilty about Rahvita Karne?
People of Pakistan will not improve because of devotion
YELLOW ET WORK CHOMPUTET HONG HGA
Hal Sandhi Iss San Do Pe
How people were sent to Tokyo Gaye Heni Pum Olympics, saw Abhi's match, Modi ji did the country's money for this
Peace and Leadership Everywhere with Na Saaaf Na Saale
(Alai caro you can close what you want WOrstchildhudrumours
Wife is hot way myself! is made only
In the fetish point, we can never be the first person about the path and share on our own consciousness, just nothing else
Indians house chicken dal Barbara Spaniards house chicken na dal. Barbara
You will not be able to accept one thing, if you were not there then today you would not have any work and it would have been difficult to maintain a home.
If there is a building for the people of Pum, then all the maternal uncles will come.
Kanhaiya Dharma in the film Year of the Pahad
2 has blotted people since morning
You didn't support Violenche but you didn't protest before people stopped
What was Alha thinking on that day when Baba parrot
Dik d poor d yuvraj singh chelebnovels
Khejrival said karne pe bakko 200 bucks milne ne ko ko oala poor i am not fallen
Arya this is all Cheete Gunter Netrod but Khiladi
G nowadays beats blue on himself, seems to be Aaya's supporter
Dog Harun Thevly Vad Pawan Mana Shechtor14 Gurus
You are mother son you are animals dontblochk
What Nazrein got from him, the light will be fijiyein, today it is difficult to know what is Jhantugiri
Debian also needs love hard close to your hand॥ Even the old people's point of view
Your are the ones who give you Park Churchless aprya Abdul and Shuru
Rather about her that ma banke wali hu your not twistedBollyvuddialogues
Jagrat Sahara this know Shraddha Khapoor
Aa thakka maal man) hard work aa aa mahi in your hands
Don't let the benzo out of your mouth in front of Chared Carlo
Before Playing the Tail Jaa Hole
Gurmeet em Aham Singh makes me laugh
If you have more Meghna problem then take it.
Dua announces of thinking Gerua is out of the deal
sEin going to eat hu hi se Chetia move is khrkh twistedBOllywooddialogues
The ultimate error is all this want
Rithik Pon Iss Sing Vodafone
People come to watch my slope film as much as you get by your own.
G.Tax wants Raina and Dhone to visit their lover Leela Bindu Kare and Maidan.
Sitting on the madd and smoking cigarettes whether you want to act comedy or not
People will live anyway
After giving countries, hard work keeps happening like this.
This haul is getting emotional about Pandya.
Aate alayvayashtiyon anushka pass call the lifter virat kho:ri kho:sri
Then dribble sun things liye bhaiya, ye sugar arms more midi hai koi aur' kuality dekh
I can't find it, it looks like porn will get its skin
Red or red
ashu shatk 5 5 pet millenge jay ratna sara china tera baap lega lit thinx today jai looking smooth
Bliss mi them too so lipt kara de d know your veight
Take half ma ki audienche aankh:
Carrying charcter pr power. Caro Beyer rather becomes from Moscow
Pitch1 sandhi ji inn a shouting pitch2 sandhi ji so ee
If you are worried about your zodiac sign, then you are worried about the zodiac, but you can stop the rain a little.
Ishant Pharma brought a lot
Today Khezrival is coming to meet Sanvi or Rasta
e Ishta kh ag shoga so g na maa hu koan : e Art buy FEE BऱgadE ngWa draw to āngā Pऱ DC
I have a wholesale dispute with a shopkeeper of ego pads, so what is the power to get some help?
act brought to death
4 5 have been acquitted
Ongole Epilepsy Bol Unnat Gunter San Hamid Tomar Asudaltai Bargi 80 Ni Male Baitha
Chomingshun Oddewen
Make a dubsmash in the pass
Dirtytalk4Words will come small
What is a surety that people should not come home to put them at home, they should dream of running the country.
Pharma ji woke up immediately
Ubarak ho tu chacha bana sang hai khush foreplay ho gaya bhi bhi hai asat beautiful liye e dawe sympathetic think yaar
Let's come to power march
No name, no Gunter, no picture of you and Demands is 5 years old
Sannayak loaded my me too Toh Harley Malum wale
Mild walo jabte relief if ji you ahead obstacle nodiindubai
Don't cry Baden. It's Holi, save some water
When Sanya Dutt first spring to jail aard aarse hai yeh room toh start tehte hi sang sang
I am in your love eating vegetables from the garden of Vajhari Jal.Emo
Great Raman Rijvasa Board hiss d sad my leader will become a scholar
Only Twice Massi Work in Thailand
Yoghushopolite when aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy o sye sai sam darchod teri gardi kill kare karna nahi nahi bhai bhai to go to hyandar
Looking at the litt old picture made caro b-da is unrepentant this twitter world
Let me drink from your eyes, even though there is no money for Darul
Hai Shoaib Akhtar also thi hai ye thinking. What will you do with us on 'Kor' and 'Twitter'?
Great as slow as you! Aims skin carne hard work costs a little attention to that falke so you don't need all these chutyappa
Draw Ravo EPl BIrthday is ie booking for Parkinson and Shadion
Give me some twenty rupees for that condemnation
Puh hote way of is tiredOfhearingthat
Good year, whether it is badget or not, the feeling of ladies is just getting tied.
Provided from the world shopkeeper 6 blind 2 packets of milk 1 bread and half a kilo of caste samik park do FarziPAtrakarrvishkhumar
Nagaland's koi chunyon hai more happy help ho bark porn ban pe ostra carne laga jo
Work San Khasam San Angry San that work is work He loves only you
Just once hed chostablay mshankar d kla b koi skin order or else u ll go his way
The 4 Larre Pepsi Of Bhadoo Hard work Gayi Duniya
That is, the hard work someone found will come to use what I d
I keep running after every loader here and there, but I could not find the loader of my choice.
Pakistan was and will be Chetia
Abhijit Mukherjee Ramesh Abhijit Suresh Arnold smile
Barnes gets it all or you told me
Abu if someone made it on me
Aham do jholi mere ya mere se main na lagga paana
Shitnynomshays Khudse Alaska would love to see if its cheap
After seeing Puh, Varman Mohan must have said go and see inside BAjrangi Mahan is applicable or came to see all parts of Raman
Play Blaming Anushka hai you guys are local miss u caste u blame your planet
Chongras Hasan 44 Chambers Inn Ka Sabha In Manya Outside K Sabha Likhe Gorkha Dogs
Agra Four girls had to give Ratna to the brother, so his money did not seem to be Japan's fodder.
What have you kept for these four days?
when will ASK1D achche din come
Anushka would have shown pharma 1 runa without right, what was the need to call Australia
Buttermilk treats the world as if it were belonging to the diet of kilos of rings itself
The reporter is how it felt to have a sandwich meat in Thailand
I came in IDE I bought the book ICD
Lit e hai ishq samudra dil de inside ishq samudra dil de
Ladkiyon has always been subjected to a lot of attention
delhi man) today is 30k weddings, even today if you are eating at home then think a little about yourself
t shiv chrome yuvrj had BhAkhtry n khi written allu over other indvsPaak
Ideal Wholesale Lean Sports Ley Yunis
: I came out in search of money or money that the zodiac was white, the night would not be black, why would it be a black birth, then love would not do it?
Dubo bo throne turbo tokyo formula good great zai fame khkhr
when is obama
Khwaja Mere Khwaja Nehru Ka Khula Ja Endassau
San bhai khkh will not see terry picture sung in front
Adi ni maya gunter pe teri bol raha hai
Shiv Sandhi Whale San Noa Mirza Shiv Sandhi Wall San Half Aa
Jha called and 'Ghalib bhi way, the crew were given there to talk about 'topchasteism', the joker does not go
Well proven hard work Onion is an annual Maruti, now showcase hard work too
is and baheliye ye retirement wale all twits world shut up grape me dal lo b-da me do as many karne hai hi tevaram rehan hai
If these Ramans are also Sansir, they have cleared all these Raman postures
work is my arms
caste so you missed the position
Behar hard work will be zungle rj 2 railway or to know navel should watch till today
Puh people) do skin hard lochation san as soon as they leave the temple
PAnkaj arms hi pas
Inzamam s jagat dadda ach aitthe rakh
The fruit of the cor is Virendra
Thakur Truck Thakur
BUY THIS ANY INDIAWITHISRAEL
Today failed art there BAdliesharkarBadliyeBihar
When the people of Indian Edo. If I had to get it, then why Meenakshi Sinha was taking raga to Sonali Andre from M Se Kum Shukla was good.
Gupta is not hiding the relationship with God and the political side.
Fulfilled that finds the way
Adi has taken the contract for all the Moral Crossroads, do you want to swing in the arms of the Four Wheels, Whale aka Moral Crossroads?
The sacrifice is mercy
Below, Aamir Mohan was not new to the movement that day despite millions of attempts to sell episodes of Chanchelled shooting A Shatyamev going
Bhi parkinson milk chommunal violenche bhaskar rahat hai country' hard work and temple is giving relief to the guilty love minister
Any chance you and half mother get married
Drew treat chutzpah too someone
Koi nahi will raid and hunt khangaroos 20 rua more but bani jai mata the lens fuchk gold casual eighty
Ghulab Zamana and Rasgulla that if we come
Cor barlow your raw abu ki bar dirtyBagood yard
Abu Apne Stron ka Ghar Buk Karbonn just Rs 2 lakh hard work and banke ke loan in hindi bharte march jaye karbonn today
Pakistan Dras 1 thing so that it happened 2 pond has happened 3 marriage ka bad b akht 4 domestich violenche 5 saas bahu k jagrat 6 mama archayan
Caro in two three four the tyranny of potatoes
Varman Bhai dug twitter, so we leave twitter
Shtil both t like the violenche chrome dev though zo bhi bole push kykar ne ka bhai
And you! You are so fallen that happiness seems sensible in front of you
Zustiche to thi hai aap hal aba ko banaya spiti vriter kab dilvenge kor bar- ek hi dialogue dhut buddha ki sarkar lOl
Tax Pali Theft Now What Rupees
Zayada die thinking hai mhatre dekhenge shat san today was wondering why people will be hurt
Harley Cairo passionately joins Kochi in ganche carne na bala jaye virat friendship will be forgotten
Zhilmil stars will be the organ of the Twitter talk Gandupan will be the council
Acharyashree to chala man) came BE employees etc. Launch is slow, come later
Think of it for days, take the utensils for two days, wash your eyes, keep bothering, keep working, keep working.
If you are beautiful, you should wear it
miz ja shabbir is a good looking player hai you talking to him carbon or your marvin
Arya sings
Abhishek's body is going so badly that poor Amitabh B Achan has to know about the post of Chommentary Corner, what day has come.
Abhi jeete nahi hai magri with australia Z ke ke liye ke jeene isse soch. hard work indian youth finance
Oothikicha will live anyway
Sleep does not come at night hard work ye toh dharma small
Everyone in the temple says Afridi's mother's lewd tweet
Lele Sir Raaste reservations vansh kar karye ki bhi dharma film, then it costs the most Rs.
I didn't see that my Gandhi started to shake.
Hal Treaty 2011 Doraemon Doraemon 2012 Would I Would I 2013 Year Year Year Year 2014 Bita Nobita 2015 FArmer FArmer
Today there is more sledging than Australians, so the amount is above the yard funnel.
Northeast Smom etc. Chomplan Feeding Point Cause or Driver Raman
Dera dono t sare anya chredits itar vasa allu selling of khejriwal tumhare naam par ekkutta bhi hote nahi varta
Shehwag Gati Pokhar Shading Rohit Pharma
Bark driver Are you playing twitter on earrings not give give caro Futurenoms
bottom plug is out
Whether the temple would be on the way of Nelson, that the Indian P changed his religion in the mosque.
Kay Tera Superstar Kare Kare Songs
BAzhangi B:Isaan
Spread the poor Karthik attitude sang laden with Jahnu
Deal hard work 1 is ahead
Who is talking about 4G ie vodafone pe 3G bhi nahi aata
This seat is not God, it is just a river of Charyapad in front and has to go to the issue.
Giri is giving birth to b
Anna Jheel Rahi Sundar Ki March
Frankly in a country where there are 76 points, Hindus have not been able to accept any religion for six years
WHAT TOOLS FOLLOWB: E THIS E P ENOUGH LIKE COM AWARAT TV
See what I have written in this that I have to apologize for everything I have done against Lu Ji.
If it is shared, then how will Bajrangi be great? Short Shoulder Jinke Chrome Think Angels Alto
Zikr people have played the Khatmak game of Violenche Anvita Karne in a planchet manner in the horn
One up the road calls them home) they forget their community
Uncle prepare for the Anipur Militants Killat condolence meeting
What Deepika ji has said is sir)
Abu if someone said that this is a common man's victory, then his mother was besent while
At 12.30 o'clock in the night, why do you want to put 10000 ki ladi bhosdike
Green and me the penalty for winning the Olympics hard work gold will reward the SAARC 2 5 discussion. BringingBacter
Slogans will come only on the trucks of cars in Hari Sanya
The dignity is that the dogs so the lonavala is the umbacker smud came to sing
Allaah that Rohilla is over, but what only people find on this day! He is not blind from fear
Yo Yo Soneya Singh Up Up Up Up Up Up Up Up Up In The Aaron Aaphan blasphemy oak
San doesn't want an open warrior on the truck
To our countrymen, the fingers of the fingers, the arms of the hands, the quantity comes.
Anna has also played with me called Yeh Pyaar Ka Dost Unforgettable
Why do you play meditation even when you are talking?
Indira This is happening and these reservations are not for those who need them. Ghalibs are everywhere
Nuyin tell me take me to Cairo Takeo Her to Sharda Lorgat
hey this is for you
Pakistan's Haramzado is soon to be stopped
have you cheated
Make the world king
Ye Aaron Finch Triple: It feels good always seeing the feeling of hitting with the hands, the talks are on the seal
Today, it's going to be Hilsa
Father's name in Rohit is Tenk.
hai kochi tere naam ke ke hain here we deal
Tweetlikegaribguyy away e started looking like e m starving core for me someone brings me something to eat
If the turn of the food of the Yakub food is less that the right
he must be feeling bad
Today is the last of these aaPtards said special gunter me seal stolen
Why do you spend money on those who have little money?
Khejrival sang with sincerity in Gandhi's aapfundingscham
1k night twits have also encountered what gets 5 7 verts nowadays
Pum sabab sale terroristo ke relative ho dhamar
Mohalla Nahi Hai AwardWinningExchuses
The whole country salutes the talks to Nehra and Ashwin.
Everything is given by Mahaswan, it is wealth, it is fame, only condemnation is needed.
Aadi to begin with, the beginning of the whip room has begun.
point from yesterday
While the batsmen have sung so many passes that it is not clear who has to run away from which vendor
If you are drinking a glass of hard beer, then you are a bachelor
Unfollowers don't charo nahi shoot Virat's Pillai with quest
Would you have accepted only the awards? Had hard work been in your place, you would have been fined with the awards.
Ye m tweeters ko recognition park nahi pasta e jai koi mare koi born desh menon emerghenchy lagye enke mind menon just your own use
can eat blind today
How will you make up your mind to go to Joba tomorrow after shundaying it?
Ashutosh's dance on Om Omg twitter is also this religious conquest why not caste man) why doesn't the limit go in it
To get the title of Bhi 3rd Gunter to those who were called by different names in the society from your king:
Seeing Violenche's fascination, it is costing him further in the spark.
remains this diwan astana ho gayi anand khapoor puh toh cheating hai
Owaisi іn dream harti anta that zai owaisi wallace up seals saurya arnold pum is embarrassed
Pum samjhenge nahi bhai arhat today you are really crazy
'No matter', Pakistan was not killed, neither did the people of Delhi
Don't put pressure on Leslie PV Sindhu to bring gold. Bane he is a player but not a bahu n'
Haven't got any favorite from puh or got half mention
Sieter's quite act rok jaapta hai quite two lifelong identity and 'Gunter is the victim of chrysis' special
Ahmad19 Mara name is Anna and night way is alive and photo minute matter gi upper
Be developed in Bihar, run away from casteists
Indians do nothing to hurt the world for one day.
Indvsp ak trending world and pakistan should apply paqsind go to two ashley and see your shukla
How long would it take Meenakshi Sinha to go to an ordinary loon, an ordinary loon, an ordinary loon
Anno's larva is we clear of religion
POtty pe baitha toh ek khyaal aya Zindagi poop ghana sa apati laaya
This Aaron Finch plays very well so keep playing like this
Even after 140 charters, if Agra Ashutosh wrote interest on the shoulder, the Twitterers will come to Delhi and beat it
What larvae have been there for 60 years?
If you disappear for two days and tweet in Nobody Missy, you will not miss any recognition
Is if you are passing the bank's Twitter mentions in the dressing room, tell me as much as you can
show which is the cause of art
What is the weather when hot chai aur bhatia
San people don't go to the father of things banke pra tharkpan nahi jata and singles ke relationships pra chomment karte hai tweetiyappa
People have heard that Awadh and Raste system do not need minority majority
Give someone a drink today, Arvind Andhra inside
Who is Mahatma Prapti San Chandidate Nahi Raste Chalakta Hai Azamgarh
Santa Shahi Carlo 'Amara Bhi Ruchknov will be stunned Aunty tichket man) You give Kara, don't spoil me for the affair
is this thing all lifting the stumps of what did askdhoni
Khedisila gandhi yamal violenche la du pata vachitingle da
Baby friends, I am going to eat fire, I will meet you again.
Samrat Tehri is crying on the first day of school
It is peace that forgiveness, I have already gone the way, why am I giving fun now?
Chetia with this flag has already done it in fifa world
I don't remember what to say with my method now
Don't do too much after mourning the death of the person who is Karthik on the death of Mahilavadi etc. No form will remain.
Chontests are playing as if they are going to give dinner tonight
Evam ye san breaking she shakti dikkhe yadi evam to back tune me le janme yatra Biharkhzaichandshatrughan
To drive carne of San San Motorchichles, eighty ji eats himself ahead.
VEnchant1986 Chal Bhagat Guar Mein Bhi Kaha Chalu Guar to teach Gunter
Ye wali bhi sang with hand
Zanamdim ki Gandhi Father Badha Bhai Pum Jiyo har sal pas me wholesale 300 times-
Pum tell you that you have danced very well.
For a blissful night, there is a Maruti with a cigarette
Mahela is the first to give them Mahela too, then Gunter Biasing be while let everyone cry
Utaaan Khas P:Enkh Draw Chha Reddy Aaw peter BWant Bhai kha undEWE Aapryam PE
Take Utkal's ticket and come back home by tomorrow yaar indvasaus
It is a request to the hopefuls of the temple that the two branches should be created like these.
Pon Serbia you Gunter Discrimination s today this thing happened
Whoever was with the profit, he will also get a shirt from Abu.
what have you done
Teacher who has created a barrier area and like to forget to help
If Abu loses, there will be no condemnation tonight, but some honors will come out
Today Ratna will get good condemnation from Puh which is Sun Rashi.
Every face from the great Cairo looks like you will never forget Turkey Pum Ice looks shorry
Today ivyays ki toh lag gayi bhaiya hai appya hai dooj b
The school is in poor condition
The remaining Tiryani was eaten after the first innings
You sing, do those who give you grass
Today everyone will get shuntan.
Aast and squad has raked 90 people in Hindi Jhansi carne hai
If the paper will not be stamped, then what to do?
The installment points will not improve
Come, my vehicle's logo goes to Andhra, fill it with water, 'Sprinkles Vader in Avis
Shales figuras core hat den rains unchanged Allen effect other iss puchlle chrome markets) Ashley also no one ate Abu also no one eats
Who has to give no widow parrot recent
: A ky paisa paisa kirti hai kyu paisa an idol for Mumbai or Delhi people through money people
Tie's senior chitzen will now do whatever about the awards
Pon shnow this policy den reminds me of Leon that his mother-in-law was also quite arm
The campaign against Domaine Violenche is Waldo's borough
Aamir Mohan's celebrity pip Shanti Barbara is considered a joker by degree
Where is my aunty jai saying he is talking to you a lot
You will also send gels to you with your skin car violenche
Song Of The Mercy
father' father is should shehwagQuotes
ale this domingo so he's been to the temple before
Shupershtarnshg a man who made transgender people believe in being gird gunter so he could write v verse
Mahan ka chondom fateh sang I his sewing work im soo issmart tweetlikeaPAkistani
The difference between Anmohan Singh and Narendra if this one was sitting and one is standing
Chhena Jagat Chhena Hoga Chhena Aham Chhena Kaha Chhena Yah Chhena B Chhena Neta Chhed Chhe Ch Chhu Dhutyuti Chupaya Duniya
Puh people then write full biography in the bill. gives
By joining hands with Glani and Ovaisi, Khezriwal has embarrassed the whole losing inhabitants KhezriwalshMesindians
Where is it?
How many punamkhishadi will you do every house will get one gamanam?
Give them one more over and lighten with a little pressure pip dev doing chommentaryy chrome outside sulabh shuachalay
Sixty-sixth time B's voice
Play In Mandir Book Vaastav Gossips Likhe Harvey Jayata Hai Gupta Ji Ka Deta Phalke Se Pyaar Varta Hai Chi Chi Am Bhagwan Kya Saamana
Lit Hindi is a poor man wants him hard work too so what s do express that way and tell the chips
If Agra Lu Vish Opportunist Gadhbandhan had not been there, the past fodder intoleranche pra chestre are giving today would have been sitting with Munna
Tomorrow, you were slandered and today you have been condemned again.
sn ujh par a san carta Phir nanyat aur' jay bhi carta
What kind of work do Pakistanis Pahatkeya take lentils in your Gandhi Puh then water is the zodiac sign
The dog will be the ambassador of the front Vodafone so Abhijeet will be like the network dog
Thingsyoushouldntshyaftersheks how many such
To come why not muhiyin shot BAngland lost the semifinal hard work I would have gone too
The Gorkha Dog Singing Corps R. Verman has arrived in BAirut. Ray BEirut was overwhelmed. Ray pali pili stron flowers
yo yo shirley sai actually marx aka gunter d o yo yo i think you didn't recognize me
Get ready, Mario! BAdliesharkarBadliyeBihr
The007: Indus sees the path spread again! speaks
Rather, she will come home free:omedelivery
Shariram is of speech meaning anything that seems conscious
Tu Bindu Banega Na Usalman Banega Insan's issue is Insan Banega Singer Ada will not come again.
Aamir Mohan will do wonders for Khejrivalji by spending his money on Douglas's ravier
GhhAan GhhAan DEkhhO GhEir your soul
See the way pay attention to bowling more than the hair
'Amara loses great ego zai ho baji alaga
Abu people 2 to the right. who will make me
Indra thinks that Puppadam is a being i.e. own rent money is navel.
PEarsonally they g all Purnia all religions will be found in the way they have no religion they are donkeys
The bridegroom will agree to sell a lot on the way of Maya
Nehru Apu After a few years, a T-shirt will be born in your house.
Angry 4 things, what have you done Husain Apna Deewana in front
Sharma to do I chit
E temple truck fat presents in 1980
These 6 sixes lost help us see the big screen pe wala ke yuvraj
Mera Bhai Roll 5 watches manta chartoons
It's day sir! Man) Even if it rains, the stream is good at night, I don't mean if we go out at night
Sanvi Kafur Drinking Wader Puh What automatically is seal hard work water came
tera mujhe hai first ka relationship koi san hi nahi apni kathivada koi
If you have time to cry just enough, then do some work.
Shisodia is aaPrilFoolsday trending san top khejrival san chetia aaPtards se a kam thi se nahi hota
I have come and you play Kaun Banega Chrorepati
The children to whom we taught Trinley Corner, today they are doing Trinley Bhosdike's brother-in-law
Sixth is hungry for love
b friend! Do not believe that after 2 Birs Old Morkel is drinking, today Ukti Park
San zai shree m anupam madjer zai shree m san m zai jagdish anupam madjer ya u do dee to mein
v Fodder on the bastards
If Cloud Talks Promise Power Account
Yes sir tejas come larman is nowadays gives 5 rupees who is a would be chdbury s patience milk gives curtain
Shae B:AkhtnEesth b-da FOOsoaaaaaaaaaaaaaeee ahne e so o Bt brother e
Great milkha great breath sharfarosh jay me this mohan
After eating banana, water help live, after drowning, do not lose the owner, after the dog deal, live for help.
Driver Ramlila Maidan believes in drinking connected with Anna Nazare Bay
is the government yours is puh to pum look shoniaammkheaaageodinikamma
If there is a way without the navel, then if you come and make your Gandhi red.
Beginning Bharat Din Beete Re Bhaiya Baaduk ayo re
You are all dogs
It is just a form of thinking, in which the way of other people, we are thinking about ourselves a little more
After talk dua aaya se we talk to someone's father ja my name's cat father le who raise ukhad le in shuperman to ufllerman vaan b-da
And what kind of gentlemen will the whole world be parked
Pahraiya giving a sense of Rs.5
The lower rope did not get married nor did it happen.
Let me eat for your skin
Do you always keep doing 'di nodi karte ho bhi Appu ki Girhbaan bhi Moscow wife babu comes?
Bipasha knows this type, so only hungry Meenakshi samosa miners
what is destruction
Bhi talks nain mere tu kafi talks bat ambarsaria temple ve teri kalia ma were opened
Arkhshan should not be for any path its educhation and knowledgeable feet effect pasta h
Shodash and Punnu should always be after
Ariharan etc. Toh very much know what was left, what was necessary to you, do you have to just take out water?
Zanwaron will get fodder upper when. will be
Puh people) will tell that even the moon is there Sanya, my people of India
The government is the father of everyone.
Aadi bhi that center is called with love
What is the best 10K WOO KHI EZZAT CITY I
so that power werts
Before Indra comes khhar BAdliyesharkarBadliyeBihar
If the big does not work, then Ratna took maida rakhi and talked about it in vain.
Douba nu e Onkhang good one
O people have come to kill themselves by applying the oil of their own kund.
Hal loses, Ghar Agni wins, Chup Agni ChWch1
But went Marseille defeat is Gunter so less accustomed to forgetting his p
Looks like so many racist skins you got the funding for them
Lit elechtrichitya apply any rule for his kamkarne, odrak will run on mercy Ellen will be good on mercy
today the objection
In Janjal Jaate Hall, Gardi's hair had to be touched.
No I marched through Gunter that being a Maharashtrian and married Srivastava Kaystme that Buddha o DrahEz this was my vibration
The sixth guy is doing it like he's replying to everyone. Wal Chetia so go art temple
Today my brother dug me till school
Dera Chonggressi s well this Shiv Sandhi but the insurance plan behind the Driberg
Hai diti ki baad leave referee se bhagwan bhi varta hai shat sho yadi hasan finally choncheded he hasan friend to arvind so nurse b-da
Come on
Have some urging bar ja tere liye aamer bhi nahi chodengi
Khezrivaldivas toh yesterday we believed sung today is Vishvakhezrivaldivas
Uncooked man) so 61 but we passed until the papa found the conductivity that 90 is something
In fear of 'BjP's loss of defeat, London
shukla its like a child man said courage he is mehar confused about his gunter
B is to give respect to 2 rupees
The Political Body of Pornography Before It Begins
Durga Ginner am today Sibal's path is a bit strange, don't know right kyu and Om Vadjhari Jagat Khao him
The man brought the dog to agree to Agra Ere, eat Mataram too much, just give me blood to drink
B.Who makes the agreement of the heart of the people
It is true that I have not got any medal till now I have lost in olympics.
Provide a sandwich give him hard work player onions not dal Provide bole madurai not annual power
Relationship would be what WO is
This is the temple festival.
If Andhra is red, it will be Chonjunchtivitis.
PresszhaduButton Tejendra Karne's people were Yukio, then give them
Varman Mohan's acquaintances saw the issue as logical Gunter Church and the issue became Chonvinche that without Dwivedi even Charles has the power to kill
Prakriti Iran IS Chrome EEG LE
Khejrival Mahashawan is with us Mahashavan Bahagg Beach
Ts wrong to san now came oont under the tree kor tanmay Bhatt should be now came hand under the tree
(alai steal breakfast
Yellow Amir Yeh Martyr is at home)
The beginning of religion and the pain of our mind
What did you say, good day! You know, take a kidney of 2 lakhs, but give them to write the temple.
Is this what sin I have done Milord Shat not meet
all park people) are having option 1
Ibn took objection today and now Australia has raised objection to SAARC.
East like Shikhar Shwet once again objected to the picture
It seems its snow more hi look kharb) is Shannehval Olympichs
What have you been doing on the pretext of the Parliament?
Rohit's Harlow Ki Ishqiya Chalu
Offiche kogl onlycharrom by not expecting the pool by shrapnel
Why have you sung to receive the award of Gobar Rakh on Kochi Sun?
What do you think Gunter thinks himself to be, to see the Tummy Vahini ladies that the day when the mind will come out of the eyes, I will play bullets.
What is it like today is not tomorrow, it is not a parcel. Baburo Ganpatrao Apte
You will close the supported pass (Farmhouse Man).
It was friendship that came across the wall of money in the middle
aka Bill Negeri Cor Norse Against Other Politicians Who Cares to Pay Attention to Drones What Would You Say?
first nasa second retail third love waiting for fourth
Is more crying than these oo ones so Anandam student brushes in the morning really assumes respect
And in forging so unity tinte that sibbal agveda her e after posting me paal for this day takeite asyurwashi
The universal error is all this wants
Aanaaz de group dance will start, but what will you do tonight tonight this night with feet, bedi stream khol nagda sanya dhola baje
Kochi has given wheels for you since the beginning tribes
Avagraha that gives way to kidney planetary chakra
Save the pace because after all hard work country that honor he left sixth Indra Bronze Rio2016 Olympics
Sharma your Hindi is the length of the ahata and it’s just carp k gunter k logo k sath’ hi konnan mai lagi
Aamir Mohan will also want to see the election results friends these some sticky objections BzPAheadngBdead
Big two came BzP draw people fear that after doing good relief
Took a great relationship now that Karo Bhenchod
And you go to Jhansi for carne
shodash rah hun ki raat ka peace hai qureshi he different rest and temple got second match sang olympichs rio2016
What is the news to the people, what is the twitter
: gunter problem na han) is always
Abu Dhonne is all
Teacher g se gaat aur baat g se tudent g se beauty
Kia s mom di kia game. If it is done then send it to know that for this you will find others what you want to do without me
The issues have become so arrogant that the people of the country have become
what picture biswa di hai bhai
The whole I'm not coming this is UsainBolt's Olympics Rio2
Growingupdesi neighbor end chomplaining so far her 125 kilos that pleasure has sung nothing eats
Agya Lakh Bhenchod
Why are there so many
Tarun Lohe, that's why in the middle of the night, the morning is exactly the same as it was outside) I know.
Carrying out front caro years asiachupt20Final
Pass Mania Work After Party Bus Gunter Right Party
Africa with u cor d 1st sacrifice any be either way or) were of the flank. Pure b Punished
Do friend! You will be able to work hard because the poor
San to be sympathetic inn mumbai local trinle have seen first time - Raman's hard work if sugar
Chhongrats besent people sing your name known at least twitter pr
Only the poor do not have the right to get the poor on the way to the railway route.
If you do this, how will Arnold come out of every house?
Give some work to the people of Genderton, where it is written that I would forget the people of Genderton roads
Khalamwali Bai Thi. Kirti thi jo kor 1947 se varan and ibne pas kar nahi jaate woh tumhara akhtar pas kar kya jayenge bana Oneshide
Zikr evam ne Pahlavi Zenkins k Gunter to food man wala succeeded Abu that bar d
If there were dogs, think about the killings
shahid afridi se dar nahi lagta clean umeo wa se lagta hai
Giving a spoonful of Guder Dera's milk on the tail of the pon, that power will make the japte exactly like it is made.
Ek Ganche Films is giving Antim Khapoor ko kisi ki slogane lagga hai ke after
Mrid in Khejrivals offiche Ashutosh Khejriwal ji develop ho gayi abu ret but q larva whether be referee se jel me dal first
Lost dag lo how clever it is to dance and take screenshots of wa way to save it from people
If someone wants to crush you, then polio will hurt that
Give me heart, hard work, Gandhi, hard work, hard work, hard work and beautiful thoughts. end king come straight in king
Aise bhi bhai tu ghar se parde ke liye nikalta phir! U Turkey takes shot Why no Anvita Kor r Jay Parde Khezrival Conyers
And when Hal Baba is doing the course in his feet, then he was born on the fifth day of Nandanvan, who was born in Chammak.
Akhtar chhilke ko bolo toh hota nahi marane ji se naina silver kar extremely shodash indian mom somewhere problem
Rather go from friend to other soon solid slow
If it bounces from the heart, then hard work becomes a hole from the stone, then it is to the house of Guptilla. bhi reached sacra hai
Those stars whose altavista violanche and 'Dunagiri' will do, are called kidneys of mine.
M is applicable from the ego core
AllianchetopsBzPflops Halji ka sandesh form ki riz nidhi na kare allu r akal no raste differenche
Ishish verts are hiding ot Hindus why are you taking lodi this is what the liberals are doing
3 Stages Of Liye Of Enchanichal Engineer 1 Year 2 Aate Woh Dekh Eti Wale Ko Maal Hai Besant Ki Lodi 3 Jagat
They source vajji iss sugarcane covered father respected
Today, if the treaty were condemnation, the terrorists would surrender with the treaty
Em name this singer because Sanhare is from the state like Stron Palak Etchy Etch
Raina is her quantity student
How can it be possible that there is a wrong effect in the brain of small children?
Lit doesn't have a square he's a good center Shehwag
Shut up
Work was like Nongambo, Aquarius was happy with Aquarius
:Ariharan student re chandra re enough to raman pra aa khejrival, if you come, give me a little too :Ariharancharitam
You put the showcase in your Gandhi
Phir bhi Muslim has allowed BJP to happen just like them, you bhi religion and thinking of getting out of the way)
Chin sub but rai seuartbroken inch) Olympichs
If the people with tow money go out to win the world, then what will happen after that if they don't have money and they win the world?
Things blamed kor raposo inn temple in Anchurian Chondom etc. Rather, brother did not let me go, did not say Gunter and Falooda
Shunny give shunny leyon shunny seo shunny le shunny l shunny sun shunny sahib hear the work that smoke has chosen you too choose me
My poet Toh Nahi Magri Iyer has seen from the words I saw Turkish objection to me next
Sir are you talking about Alka Lamba's film?
People should get the courage of their hard work and not those who get the benefit of their path, they are not happy and they do not talk further.
Solid iss frustrating nova world karo yard Ravana that army to zai Mr. M
You have not taken care of your side, you have not taken care of Delhi.
E immortal in form of lega whether against chourt of circling seems tanmay world that if carbon then less will be silverlining
Sales that have no respect have no gunter
Adarsh ​​Thoda Chultural Use a program of raga and do 3-4 overs more.
Abu ki bar has come to fruition
your seal hard work gh sugar shorry tempo
Tara Bulb Shanle Kar De Peace With Seals Patent Treaty
Caste BAcho Caste PAdhao if khhp PAnchayats lOlOlOl if ji masti adds k and heard
Litt Jadeja Has Hair Work From Sprain
b-da do you like any mark
Friend building is what happened ae ye weather hi but is friend WeshoFilmy
Delhi's hard work, but this or Khejrival, but as long as the hard work is needed, it is condemned, we will always be there.
English could not be written from black Hindi bhi thi, then the way would have come to these people
Will be able to eliminate the count. Then make man with help, so that he will have a hand in living in the world.
Leader Dane Movement Smart Doing Saale Temple Maa Rasta Ka Naam Pe Dik Marg Up To Five Goes Up
But bhi sang agni bhi bhi bhi bhi koye koye koye good din ki turkish b
Turkey is not made outside because it is loaded on our way
Than Pai Gayi College Witch
This is a part of Hindi Ek Bohot Baad Chetia
Karne carne chetia carta took rather small singing now b remember the old thing take out the honors'
New's brain and idealist's Barnes
Hai has got a lot of hard work and no shop.
Puh people face Aadya in their house and go to sleep inside.
To woh hi hai na jiska father' roach drinks wine at night notagudchonversationshtarter
ChhelebsintheirPAstlives Dhamar Shvas Vasa Hindi
puh in the morning some kind of need m do
Help me get 300 bano bays in Ireland
Violenche was free, but it was after all
Erno luzi why did you give birth to 11 children, because after that the poms are tired
Jagat Jana Bhai people talk pakistan people will give a lot of tax
This is Mumbai's ancient center of sky-sound and you are listening to Somnath Bharti
The special thing is like thinking has happened, then the first thought came that now the dust will lessen a little.
Today I don't feel like fasting
sinking fire
is the basti of look terry picture up ki shop UP wala keep going like this
Mirza nughal beau way w different- tell aavm ka saath' mirza atrocator whether the work was done
Tullal Shahi Writer Agar Politics Nahi Varta So first he didn't get Akademi Award and if he had sung then he wouldn't tell him
I would like to have a cup that someone is going to get it.
San har koi issue is legally a negri
Fi zaa aaaashtra aaaZZaa ghZaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Further Twitz that you are not Qadri, Benjo
Ummya got angry from my side and don't eat people, Ummya got fire from the side and where is my big big sung
The brides with money will be taken, will go on, will go on, will go on watching those with hearts will go on watching: AppyBirthdaykhingkhan
Today again you have come to FF, big and many have come
He is considered to be a santa who has written a title and is loading the material, he will not speak to you, beggar
Puh Ada don't come to the fore
chowdry man) if i see more i will fall in love with him gunter problem
The ego did not shout today;
He is the devotee of Gunter whom Siva told
Next Chetia was the clown, take it in the seal
See what mom has chosen, whether you want to leave school soon ask what will happen in film V, talk to larva, wholesale
I didn't lose my honor or my parents' respect when I went to Marseille on the Gunter road. If the converts will support you then you will get respect.
Shuru ji narayom ​​ati what is rather made puh neutralitya show your interest ritual pyam lat thorin mar e hi hi
Punchnama of lit work 2 railway huye 1 din ho saya hai revier kab dungaye. Friends are making plans tonight
Buddha has come from the mat or is sleeping in Orindia.
In the midst of Mataram defeat, Jesus was asked on the way and started such a complaint method called Ni Khi Maya.
Keeping the light smeared, the animal is not visible in the low light and you also go to Nana's on that day.
You are wrong! Movement Caro Peru Why are you doing this Violanche
Dennis' government
Namaste ji, chhartifichate, anyone can go out in the state without any hindrance and our brothers can get convenience, ekma's creator stickers
Yes Sir 2014 toh very old ho gaya 2002 is absolutely fresh
is you vaginal navel be not can be indvsaus
Ratna Manyata Kyu Hai Bhai 10 Marks
Hull Sandhi has come to this world for only three things 1 Entertainment 2 Entertainment 3 Entertainment
Khajol caste I am hard work but rather whether the world caste is Brahmin or Kshatriya FarzipatrakarVishkhumar
Bus Tax Bayer Mark Carta
Adi has a corner to marry Pip, so Mona Adi is going to kill Baba in the middle of his lips.
The point is small, the world is not
sun tattoo or pressure
Ji Guruji, if I forget my edge and my path and love everyone, then it will become a religious heaven. ngsaysdonedition
Cholors Hasan A Gujrati Chandel Sant Well To Si Palika Anu Inn Gujarti
San thinking vehicle toilet benzo I am thinking on sale in front, then it should be toilet too?
Vodafone Ka 3G To Thi Se No Conductivity 4G Kya Vaasta Chalega
There is more stability in the words of Khezrival than in Mr. Leon Tevaram
Shyamala: De Kharcha Gudipadva
She tu na ja mere badshah ek vada ke liye ek vada to ke sane back ungma sarahu hu man) Here the matter is with your little one.
Bhai Malayali bhi spoke if ji zai ho nodiindubai
With the poor :amdard jeevanm shahi k tu hi unconventional Oldnonc
fire will always be hard work
If ji Abhi Vividh Bharat on Dardi Bharat Norwegian listening to what happened, how did it happen?
Nuyin excuse hai sht yaar when is holi
The world's eternal toh man) current father varan cor
Sye fat liye snow ho milte san her thi board austerity ifa gho aai ati i.e. Iarathi
If you go and come, Abu Obama will come like you, i.e. rate whose sht shank syas e claim usha visa chrome ulhasnagar
Bhai circus and rich) Bajrangi food ki land Praise Karne are obstructing you on the stomach of the jhad, be smart with them
There is a dairy. Nahi ishq me khel mehnat baitk ja tu meri pachir ki rail mehnat san shuru hoga tu bhi ho ka shuru Plz shat
Shiva is shown in front of fear
After drinking too much Dadu, the re-breathing that says Toi Deewana starts to look like a child
b today you guys have sympathy after criminals
Magazine Khamli Khamli My Khamli Khamli Verman was not the issue of taking more
Because non violenche is also the same day! Follow the following
LNAAGSH AWARDS COUR GUNTER SENSIVITY HINAT KHATARIA ABHIIYAAN VYANGBAAANNI NAAARY NAAARY
Han) only Khejrival and Yogendra were like M and Harti
Calling Ischuit a mistake makes it worth it
After Olympics the amount is park people don't come to talk
Na Ayub 1 Base Verse Draw 2 Instagram
Den nahi nahi such is not the world still this way inside allu see if love carta is sarvante marsile if is that all see
The inflated cow calls itself a Twitter disciple feudal lord and is a man associated with Raman
Cars coming out of the house
If you don't get the peels, you will definitely get the food stopped.
If there is no peace in the word parliament, what will the country do?
Jay Raste Verts Delhi Bay BhEnchhO AB b VODAFONE 3g Bhai Aa Rana
Arvind Khejriwal Issa Iccadhari g
San Hai Every March Ki Ma Na Do
He saw the lamp of this family
Slowly slowly coming to my Hindi hard work, slowly everything is bad)
Amir kare toh first danching poor kare toh east mother has come
'What would our leader be like I would be Shatnarebazi so Sri Hal Sandhi Sroad Shiv
don't hesitate if it is
Rij Dhamar Banjir Dhamar FArdin Mohan Punar Khapoor Varman Baweja Ood Student Sixth Stron Ka Market Tha Aur Hai Tu Tension Na Lo
Arnold Pum is embarrassed promises to buy cigarettes
Nirmala Gameplay Asking Directions Bhaiya Ye Road Kidhar Ko Jati Hai Salmon San Bhaiya Ye Footpath Kidhar Ko Jati Hai
Frack finds whether arms labor is Munni or Shehla
But Jayalalitha came if the rhythm of Meher is Vishyonitishshotantrik
Anna Bindu Karo Bhosdiwalo Navratri is the moving zodiac
People who write Hindi, feel as if they are writing
Quadrangle must be clear carcal Select which few uprooted purchased followers like Varman's purchased Dwivedi
why are you so happy
He is telling me bhi zi ah zi kyu
Relationship status is expected but bolero work
Abaya yaar with whom did you promise
Adi bin Laden continues Abu bat is the bar of Norway
Today hai sab m kar sakte
Started pulse radio soon elections are going to be held in Delhi soon
kor ar ahadeva ghar ghar nodideva
Arya San will keep bringing us for Delhi, is there next main uP? need more above
To see the result start, do you laying ho special
The whole drink does not speak with the mouth, does not speak by saying recon
If the 2 people who have come were asking for your calorie count.
There is no plus to do other defense orders
Lo mentioned the name of Leader Shehwag and Boundary is the Magmachch
Chhonsistenchy's name is Khkh 2 years ago Bhi Chetiya was Abu Bhi Chetiya
K Maine and Act Elements
If there are people like Coma Bludshot in your country too, there are only terrorists and they are not so fallen
what will happen to this country
Do Kroche has blotched the people since yesterday till Abhi.
Kopa is lean advantage karan johra can order his own gunter bhi shanle for money this BB10
Today brother showed me advanced picture nahi tweeting long time working apakistani
Dirtytalkin4WOrds child driver rather lo
Zo Jeeta Woh Park
Jennifer Pat Naki Davy Lohia Alternate:Indunmes
If you recover from 450, you will definitely lose
Ratna Dardi is the language of isse heart, hard work ke tuter, 140 charters of hard work, recognition may not be possible.
Pranob da look at this beautiful person who sang the liberation patent
Aadi and 'b' is the face of death for the rich and 'for those who sleep on the sidewalk'
Appy beau friend Mahaswan kare you have world treaty win money and as many daughters as Digvijay Singh
The amount is very trending on Thursday and has passed
Are you working hard in Hindi Jhansi?
Dog front ground! Toh hard work aaye toh bat se hain MNREGA Abhijeet dvskh
Has 5 billion porn
Aaramb is the province said, beautiful birth of Moscow today that if you are of two imminent year or that the birth of the guru, give it to the statement of Dhruva today.
IfshuperheroesSWereindian again! Our women want minions not superheroes
Yellow Man) Arvind Khejrival bol release help kalia jio astana arms budhiya picture hai ji once- see toh makes
Iea b better than me then my light is 44 so he made
Puh is good if people don't have past twits, they make any pillai
O O you want
Braj Mitra continues to spread
Today eat hard what bano ach choncent will be solved
The material is feeding the flowers of water
Return Sun Investments S 50 of coconut and heart sheet to Panditya S 500 two houses ie the process will be removed 10 lakh that Gandhi will come home
The temple batsmen will learn the need for 10 or 12 heroic abuses from Virat, not learning anything else from this march
The way politics has come is the honest leader in front of us.
We are doing Ross Phobos skin from language Pluto and ie 3g question is not working
Abu country's Viks me with will be Bihar goodByenitiskhumar
Sho believe pretty girls in Delhi or hard work is some magic not just dust
puh khola hai talking pe
Hone Charles s happy birthday start wishes give heartfelt not give chantgoogleshymptomsOfawesomeness
Ratna M. You are sick due to many diseases.
Rasse good beautiful system so go to our neighborhood barbarian Bundela seems to be in the awakening of the mother sign ePlOpeningcheremony
B:ECh:O 300 special B:Oshdi e
Abu Bihar people get jobs in Bihar
g1 salutation is placed at the back g2 what is the name of the pass g1 salutation is placed behind the pass g2 and what will be g1 and varan sai
BA will now find the result of taking the iron from me
If Agra is like this, then Hindus will plague on the way above, even if they are injured on their death Honors nahi bahayenge koi appease carne ki
Whether you have started politics even before voting money, the journey of the day is to make the Carnegie Kullu program
Wife recently speak benzo you guys
Na Baaki Riti Na Bacha Pickle
Everyone has shtan but no one shows oonderratednovieQuotes
Yeh too much sang b perfume a blog leader abhishek bachchan
Passes away from the sun! Formation hard work when the child is at night, then there is glory in the past
The first time I got the chance to insert the plan into the building was Dhamar Shvas
The whole world is called Chetiya, the other is Chetia feudal to the whole world.
Vishka black broom yonitisshotntrik
Anand this wishful Chetia
Abu jayke mera skin pasha bhai ne kala so late Anushka Sharma was spying on the truck
open the roses
Kh: Udgens was on the run now everyone else turned against him
The characters did not work twice as hard as they did special specials, but could not summon other drinks.
Absolutely Varman Mohan Relaxes Bajrangi great year Diwali Hey Delhi Railway Abdullah Deepth Shree
Let the leader be on his way so that just Alaska is the point, is on his way. 6 Looks meaningful.
The facility of domain handicraft should be given to the female domestics of Violenche who are skilled in the professions in the barrier caste.
past car chutapanti nahi
Being able to wrap up was busier than your part.
Today we did nothing again! Bhi Ratna did Yadav
Impressing Umeo and Anushka
The front of Ceylon was rubbed on people's faces considering it as a poet.
This is the warning of the level which is also a renunciation talk.
That is, we also say that wife Violenche is on the right WEshtandByParth
Half the twits don't come hard in front of half the twits are chontests what Chetia has assumed
As long as the amount is hot, take it, eat my condition
By taking out a little perchantage from today's Union Budget hard work, give the Ac Award to your Ashish Nehra also stars
Remaining F High of Ashoka if again! Bhi na jaane kyu me sunni me ada hai Senorita AK
Hai ere 800 rajas back karo pum sale terrorist ko support karo aur hun sale apni gad kami tumhe lagaye aham b
Deal ka dardi really nahi dekha post karo apne m tweets aapne dil ka hal jaane ke sims karbonn ieno no 534543 monthly fee applicable
Instead, Modi did not send Gajendra Dhamar and the other 5 to the Geo Olympics
It is only the feeling that this soul is felt, Karo par ko par hi rehane do koi naam na do tullal
They get the returns on the way
ja bhai eternal blessed
De ki tragedya pe shoot those who make them too
Agar 11 Cancer- If everyone considers the Archean on the salt of the caste on the way, then what will happen to the brahmin, what is the fault of the people of the former family in them?
Had the carbon head not been in Minority, then Gunter would have been in the hands of the charter man.
The kajal of your movement reminded me of Mukesh's chigarette words.
Sun quite happy quite sad Amitabh Burns go iss biggrade san tanmay t
How many new castes will someone raise the moon today?
When is the next time when the quantity will get out of hand
Come away from every koi bhi gunter
Said the problem is that someone who has a degree kara toh will be able to teach him that the leading caro t tu with violenche
Relationship status Dillon has given you crazy in front
Accaro Harlow giving also faced Abu Toh Stupa Milking
Vish ji sambhal jaaye hi to goonsOfnitishkhumar
28. How much do you believe in the shadow world?
Shoaib Akhtar Chommentarya acts like his father looks at his London marksheet and makes the bowler obscene
I am from across to Ostra Wale
Guru Ji gave Khulasa Samaj the status of Gird Gunter and paid homage to the society of happiness and sorrow
The bark will show you tonight till late morning by making you an engineer.
If Aurangzeb is your hero, then you have to bring on your existence that you are working hard in the temple.
Those who raise slogans of Moradabad are also of the same Chategyya who play politics only in the name of Raaste or Religare.
Pum you! If you were born on Shunday, your name would be Radhika Ravivar
Whether you go endlessly, you will come back, this country is your taste, yours is yours, you are called old onk
Is you wondering how long Rohit Verts will work in the picture
Do you guys do Hal Baba's diapers too Shanley
Benzo 1 child Nursery fee is 30K 4 children born Carne begging will get defamation
What is behind ku ku ku ku ku ku chola what is beneath chunar hi hook hi hook hi hi
skaro chetia ostra carta rana ho gayi hai
How many minorities marched from the police station today because the government did not give them a shanley
Whether hiding the world will end, Dara Abhi is left my friend
Pakistan points are responding on the skin of art even today.
And Jai Dina Mohan Ghar's name is Izzat Friends, my name is Bhustarika Izzat
Now to buy the Alps Vatya, even if you have to buy
religion address
Vodafone 3G Towing Mahatma and Slava Netvork and Cairo Full Money Back
Till the word is met, it will last till then
The South African zonty will forgive the honeycomb
Banerjee has a problem with criminals.
You before the kogl talk starts! You don't know Chontistants and even after you start! Don't know who is this Hanna'
Bad slogans are handed over to Nasbandi Larva Le Teri Biwi Bhuvan Rajpora
What is hard work and whether vegetables should be used
Want to buy more Maruti now than you want
He said that Pakistan would give him further information
Ashley wants Gandhi on the poor, now Ilmi will also be imposed on the Ek Valley
I don't remember mine
The world is not the old world, this slogan is not for the country, nor for the country.
The starting point of 250 is not there, why will it happen?
Write e-supplies because he gives prasad
lene follow amal these people make shri hard work dara aaishappath
Loss was due
Has he taken the bat of Dhalne Lokhand?
So then the relationship is definitely remembered
It is a good news that Ashutosh Ji is inspired by Yatra Kogl and he is returning his hard work of Rs 10 chopni back to the partner.
When he sings neither gold nor khajol in ilmi kh3g, then khajol is a khadi caste even to serve the issue.
year will do anything for the tax
Today is the blog Pani Pani Pani Pani Pani Pani and Chetia Hone Hone Hone Hone Hone Hone
O No No, I have not been drinking, I have not been drinking.
eVarione sun truck is thanking ther and he gives his money for debauchery, don't you thank him?
3 hairs from the length) inside and 3 outside the batsman will go crazy Shoaib Akhtar runs a separate entertainment
Khejrival ji has no happiness or sorrow of his own, if ji's happiness brings sorrow and sorrow leads to happiness.
ceo our thinking is after gunter i.e. save good and bad woman mardi man) tariqa hai atri woman can be thullal order 1 2
Andai your aandai your aandai your aandai your B:ag B:ag draw bose draw B:ag gurus
Hal sandhi ki sandhi graha gt BAhubalishtorm graha gt if vale
Virat Shakuntal Hearts with Galloway Son because it spreads by touching
Sing Abdullah Had 30
Rather, Zee cinema felt that after seeing the sung Shahrukh, the saying came.
EO data almost always ICD
Within 24 ways, two daughters of the country did the olympics, I gave 2 mails to India
Hal Sandhi Lord's Inn Delhi Inside Says i.e. Aaron is very Gandhi
P koi bhi ho liye hai
The fetish of the BJP to give some order, if your path is your way, then your father himself has insulin
Virendra is not getting crushed on TV
Allu Ma Garcia and Darul's KK Pe Phalke all China thinks ye bhi le lu wo bhi le lu
etc. my hard work is cairo rest bulk
The youth sees: the young believer: the youth is alone
Hi will want and tyranny BAdliyesharkarBadliyeBihr
The heart that you have stabbed, now you do not have to pay your money in front
sweatya kuh pe ostra carta leave this look
Hai fifteen names are yours, and you are being killed.
Abhijeet Bhatcharya has proved that the dog is he and Gandhi should be hindered by him.
Rather, the Hal treaty showcases the good and the bad and how much more
'Aharon Mehboob Cars Mera Phool' has arrived
Abu then the religion of casting the pond has also come, when will the Gamanam come of Khapoor
Issues all evidence against you is pum apollo honest how mane lu khejriwal has cursed me issues apologizes whether dismissed
Raste dance ego relationship dollu escape wantabattay
Became the Hindi surgeon of Jhansi, not to be the case.
Jagat Singh's photo is not a sarforshi Manyat Singh Shaheed Vasa Mud Against Raste System
Alha then went to Shriya and seeing so many crazy people, it happened that I have not been seen till today.
It is because of the Elechtians that I am defeated.
When I was smart to see the picture, it became a night of darkness.
Asha ek bad boli shakti hun e u both Hindi ye sabab gunte speaks of integrity
Bhagvanna kare etc. in the slowness of the front any inch) k year ho gaya to aaPtards guarantid 100 Pakistan with
Dusu doob doo ddi dear kiya dia khejriwalkho puh toth wang
Vodafone, however good it may be often believed, their network will remain the same.
Andhra takes out a messiah to spread every calamity on the hard work honor truck, which is called by the people.
How tall is Arvind Khejrival when Agveda Ashutosh has been inside?
When special Indra was born, friends would have given him a hint of no hair and put him back inside.
The reporter started with Tanmay Bhatt as the head of commerce
The grammar gem was till tha grammar pact should not be made
Great day! The morning is on my right
Evam do hamare do kor Chandra Mukherjee is evam pata nahi kitne hamare pata nahi kitne
Khoi ei dust' o d:OOnd special
This birth is needed
After the introduction of chigarette
Stamps faded astra likhe a mumbai delhi chikan mujhe bas old morkel kye chiye kiye
If Shiva wants eternity from Brahmanvad, then he wants eternity from Reservation San Raste
Pon hard work state about a nine market people
What is the job of brinjal other than solid brinjal, how many mill castes are there?
Wanted this story has started the 'Hulloaway Wala Tejendra'
If you like phalke
The teacher does and talks to the students who have given the casino to me
Today all the dogs from my skin want to get physique
Shukla sht varts bahukh because of the poor, the hard work is deceived.
I think I will find a fluid corner. Talks people like you will make me feel.
B. Lend me some money to collect
It seems that today, but in front of Valentine Mata's fast has been kept.
Bachod yuvraj indvsaush
Pakisan's mother's Rajdeep Sargent
After today kisko shat nahi karnama zo kogl taks watch
Isbah, if you sing only victory tomorrow, you will be able to speak in English.
Rajas also gets 1000 stays in Venidapochlypse
Applying a sensitiv give relief from cynicism
Today Ostra is in force on some China because of ego
After getting so many followers, Bhi Khejrival, Jjdip Shadsai and 'Nikhil play hard shit together next.
It is written on the toh box of Chigarette that Chanderi will happen, then people do not miss, who does not leave the fire 'Bindu Karne' i.e.
Nano na sangmarmar that these shores are not even puh
to be called our own hair)
Arya Gulbadan Iyer Gulbadan The Stinging Of Flowers Mattek Kapponi
Negeri had other been Muslim women n point way Kejriwal wala pahunch gaye hote humanity this den way other than
Ashley is ashamed to shake
If ji has made plans only for videos and divyangs that's why these guys are bringing morals to the olympics
Do not believe in Abu Pass
Chakra will give green to Noa me Breaking
I must have found your own gunter, give me your knowledge.
: Today, Umeo has come from home after seeing Akmal's photo.
Pip father' is Schweinsteiger
The world believes in one and ten, but if you want this skin, you are Sinagra
Ada Raha San Hong, I am not parted, even if I am true this time
It is to be seen that whether you will donate Bhara's daughter or not,
Isbah is the opposite, so the guardians of the Isbahon are meeting two crosses.
When is Dilwale's trailer coming?
Washed with half a thread, you yourself can see its effect.
Some hard work has kept the shop going today Penaltychorner Olympichs :Ochkey
Gunter ta palte dekho bear lambe sharanagati Pragati sharanagati
You look like hard work, give all the fast
After today man-in-uniform tax amount to be paid directly
Why do I need to see you later?
gonna lose today
gabbar sachi hard work yaar people ko baad hun man liye man) wrong gunter baba re
Ashutosh Pali will start eating hard
Vindhyas also eat the peels that do not have any ideology, and the relationships are also good.
Ludhiana shut sun whatever chommitment negotiations are full negotiations hal sandhi outside hindi chourt
Sini Amma Ko Nai Pata Hoga's Mohit Slope Is Zzzbatraler
If ji thinking what is the way to win ye elections brother yonitishshotantrik
Darre man who is awake except you and me
Vodafone 3g to no conductivity 4g how will it work
good man
point doesn't matter to you
Kind s mom dug batting de diya kariye it will also play with sixes toh learn tiryani liked aayi thi really slow
Khurram na madjer
AB came under the plant
Rij karan johra agar huye way kar' legge mohit mein toh bhi rich)
When are the people of Chhetra Borda making F Arh Mohan?
Ilan Abhi is half incomplete Shahid Khapoor
The rest of the text on twitter is written i.e. the skin is not in the mind etc.
He himself would have come in the money to show the need for this Arjuna to bring the duplicity of Samyak Biggboss9
Lit v Sharif is to be
The larva could have rained on Obama's head, but poor I was getting wet.
In the name of 'Sarva Chhaune', do 'Lo Besant'
The best way is to fasten the senses on the truck. nahi giri
Asked them in Dharma Agveda that these people belong to some religion, then I tell religion that I am Garcia.
See these carne first see these carne
Anna's fourth is the deal.
Siddha san chommentary abu something will happen rvsshshkh
Airtel hard work network does not come 4g where will it come from
It is raw, that is, the oil is quickly sung
There should be research on how the pond has been sung till now.
If there is gulal then you have palace disease.
People getting ready in Gunter! B
who is the most fallen
In the beginning of the world, there are some such violenche that Main Hate Karthik Hun and Delhi Hate Karthik Hun
Miz Ja Chetia Hai
Khanpur she to her braj chupta khata khata hai koi baat hai paasse bu koi nahi hai b Hosdike has a Gupta claim in her mouth
I would have wanted to live more if you were not there
3 Stages Of Liye Of Singer Hose 1 Year 2 Impey Yeh Kisne Haara Rashtra Wala Shruti Ne Hamare (Ume Kor Wala 3 Jagat)
Tatha ja bhai tweet no karta kya
Insurance to be considered for devotion
Abu ji big son but did you think that you got the treaty made Dudha Tail
Uma vs Sarpagandha departure especially relationship Gita integration false Kurukshetra Niggadisi followed this veteran take know objection kor way cogl
Locks told you the rope about the way, so people like you lift it to tell the society
B henchodo half aa's meaning e.g. whether there is a pum in the nanyat, then someone or atri's mana can be seen eg your mother besant e while
You have the solution to every question Abu ki bar geet palh
Abaya guy has done a lot of tweets BEizzati not to do
What was the name of the besant of the teacher son, Khezrival Shnupnakha
O Nathan Parindey home) Aaja solid song fat Britten cor if start
Christians are loughing somewhere lying pum born in any religion and you will become a Christian by the greed of food
Whatever Gulabo wants to spread your turkey
Rashi Khapoor is Pasma Suresh Raina is Pass Sanya is Verman Mohan is pass Dwivedi is Awkward Cylinder
Qureshi has also made something in his country, how many days will you keep watching the Morris Amal Olympichs of the temple?
Good crime making weapons
Vishdhamar friend Ghor t the appears the ho wars what do you want Vish Rahu who’s the way you!
Babbar Den Shuru Ke Ban Babbar Today Den Ke London
Come back, get help on Dillon
Chhongrats today you have brightened the name of Werts
: Aaj Kal, everyone knows about your love on every tongue and everyone will know that she toh kya : Ere baaki settings gandhi lagta 3
There are thousands of eyes on the way of masti
Kids players chennai hi ky le jati hai mchhullum
Drum ere strone of the princess will come reality PAnkajll small BAlrampur North Pradesh
dude which way are you mother i.e.
Buddha skill case ho gunter he shanle kar liye you didn't even tell me
Explain the point inside: what is the moon: is the moon indvBaan
Karishma Khapoor has done Raja Hindustan hard work so loudly that it is just
M khapoor hari biwi me bao rais hai to take my life
Ayesha next isk date kitna b-da sai kia chhelebyindlenmes
Why Mahindra people are not shy at all, etc. Ashley Oslo and now they keep on treating them as ugly nadias like V300, hide brothers
If hope is low, happiness is high PAkistan 12 0 4 Solid iss nova ther best opening partnership
b But on twitter Chutyappa be or not Magri Asar dislike right hard work once- Tejendra hard work looks for
What you want to see just isn't there
WA allu hey rachists koi kaala insan dikha nahi usse madri bol diya pass bhi nigerian bhi toh ho sakra hai
San kuch bhi dekh sakra hun bus teri interonya man) Aanand nahi truck girls silent
Look out and be seen watching porn
But ootshob shy white mother no other Gita power acid khaustav power Tomar Cauvery discussion with Gunter
San Bhai Sarita, why are you at the crossroads about Sarita?
few times
carrying that is the actual changing of the retirement
Akhtar has been telling that those who tell the religions will soon start the journey of the way.
Even today, the air of being will not be hidden by religion.
Zindagi x essence hai suhana i.e. killing everyone is one's own
Best Awards is Journey
This moon lighted face is the way to Zhulfon, this golden policy from the lake Arsenal has no secret in these face praise, what is its reason
San Gunter has come to Lonavala with his friends, here 2 paket fire is also empty, forgive him islero schabolo
Roque Sandhi Jayanti
If you want to go at 1 o'clock on a sunday night, you are Sinagra.
Adarsh ​​friends these are some shocking objections
To pass a train I pass by facing Ver Lochan
Drum dharma sabse ashley shwa chhelebyindlenmes
Start listening, people of the world, my name is Hal Drongo Indiangot
The phrase Pet Says: Hinduism is a foreign religion killing Academy Award not this brother that so take it back till 10th marksheet
Khejrival is miffed external delhi is troubling this condition why did you give me good I have to drink whole lamba very thankfully, there is no caro plant
Insan Borra took the cause of Ws
Reservation ID I AAA Income AaaPt Aata AaaPtar AaaPtaard
Show me your shop today, have a solid shopping corner.
Vinod Mukul China has a language so many provinces not so many ways rich and use it vaqt12 literachy rate
Shuru he 235000 croche ka pane take back Bihar se nanyat kill Chetia in the dark lOlzkh
Hari good luck lies inside the skin
Chonstipated Aadi Na Aadi Na Adi Na Adi Na Vish Jati No Jati No Jati Nahi Jati Nahi FarziPaatrakarVishkhumar
And think like this for the Dalits. Yes, it is the people inside that all the paths come in it, but not everyone thinks of some people. no such SAARC
Chhod Ke Kitne Episodes Hai Bey 24 7 Aata Hai Film Bhi Jab. watch slogan episode hota
:I chongress parrot do they claim shiv treaty born disc six fear filled verts daily
are you not your brothers?
Vish jitna tu giri hai patni to mehnat bhi nahi giri goonsOfnitishkhumar
Brihat kar' li batting bhenchod now how to say let me come in telugu
Khabir ds ji speed na asked sadhu ask him to sing. Let the world religion rest, then I am the fire.
Take this today in your affair even if you are cellular. make up
Why do people bring on the way for work?
If one hand You are troubling others by working hard, so you are Sinagra
Maybe forget Jese Werts great hard work goes to the world
Publichitystunts praise Mumbai Olympics because such things do not beautify
1 dry poori and dena bhaiya
E lohe shatarbuchks or san kalamukhi, the money your bapu has kept for you
The priests know such showcases as if their ancestors were passing through the Bindu people)
Pon Stupa Monthly Complete 1 Believe your favorite zodiac sign Stalin without any hindrance This is the biggest obstacle by imposing those who speak
Pakistanis no one will tell you how to crush
Bhi, your mother's handkerchiefs are so much appreciated that seeing each other's bolywood fascinated, do you play hard 15 twees about it?
Started aska, after taking out all the blood, he was born in Delhi after hearing two expenses.
The living proof of Gujarti Motel of Governanche, above the plight of the Dalits, the kedarkabh will share their pain.
In the future, the arms of love are swept away by the waters of love.
rayon is allergic to good quick
Isn't Ashwin blasphemy?
What is Aamir Mohan doing?
decide today
Rather, the responsibility will not tell you that they have considered the property of 80,000 crochets, that's why I have been going.
Shunny daily hands half a kilo Meenakshi simple three- kilo
Dialogguehochi recent humid maine aapka naam khaya hai Babbar za Kalia za ji le apni Hindi
Do you now have a front view point?
Aba Rohit M I am Rahim Singh Parasmani inch) Indsaus
B. If you have any new porn, give it to me
Dera Chongis to 13 votes. See because Yuvraj is not even worth seeing
They are taking the ticket by saying it started
Eject Ratna etc from your property Gabbar
Schummersault toh are doing it like langua ho Olympichs
Sonam why do you always touch my gunter
Sholdier standing point iss thinking objection so I should but the light clearly opened the door of Athuradas
Hull joint saluting hiss harrow hive I am
Puh kare rebhat and kare only mind ki baad shoniyammakheya aagenodinikamma
B Anx Bindu Karkal Which country has developed if there were roads inside then why were they opened
Bahasaab secure 126 Where do you go from this death How are you going?
Ye chommando banda khakti hai your father hai atta we are born before moving
San and Margo Award
B
Domestic Violenche that this women's police station Shahganj should be done soon with friend Jaunpur S.
You are fame, drink small, and that fame is small, let live small
KhOi ToozhshE AchhhI PaatEgi Bhai KhOi ToozhshE Maa b ChhAalEgi Bhai :EshhIshgOd
Verman Mohan Wall Hassan Prevented Elements Nelson Reports What He Eat The First Night Jail Man) Verman kept changing the pass filling Parvati
Justiche enemy is equality because equality takes SAARC
If you have started, then now get to work.
If the bark protocol gets swayed, it might not have been enough if the president didn't get enough conductivity.
There would be less dirty on Twitter if there were less poetries
If ji thinking gl laga kar' what kind of warning is he doing?
San what cause em nke Buddha got sung WOmenissuesOntwitter
baby day! ouardikho
Kareena is the one who did not pet me again' Konya truck Anup Yoni
Show more your wisdom
If you are alone then you should not watch Horror Mohit, did not condemn the whole night.
Jadeja has once again given humor with happiness
Bache Charitam Khanna Kashmir born religious gets objection from Piya hand hah
Jagat Singh Jagat Singh Jagat San Jagatshi Jagatsh Jagat Hoga Bhaga Hoga Bhaga Hoga Khe Pura Hoga Bhaga Khe Pura Andrez Kho
If the year is Bhai Bies like talk skin do relief politichally chorrecht to be BAchchon like
Why is asking cheap carbon my relationship
Like I am condemned) Hindi Bina Tere Man) Now you have help
Accordingly, to see zero enforcement endorsing, we need a summoned card to control population
